No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such Events for which liability occur, could be result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Borrower nor any Affiliate maintains contributes obligation maintain contribute Multiemployer Plan Plan, otherwise under Title IV of ERISA.
Except as otherwise set forth in this Debenture, the Company, for itself and its legal representatives, successors assigns, expressly waives presentment, protest, demand, notice of dishonor, nonpayment, maturity, presentment purpose accelerating diligence collection. This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto on any number separate counterparts, and all said counterparts taken together shall deemed to constitute same instrument. delivered facsimile other electronic transmission relevant signature pages hereof.
From time to time, as and when required by the Surviving Corporation or its successors assigns, there shall be executed delivered on behalf of Ashford (DE) such deeds other instruments, taken caused it all further action, appropriate, advisable necessary in order vest, perfect confirm, record otherwise, title possession property, interests, assets, rights, privileges, immunities, powers, franchises authority (DE), otherwise carry out purposes this Agreement. The officers directors are fully authorized name take any action execute deliver instruments.
All notices required or permitted under this Agreement will be in writing, reference Agreement, and deemed given: (i) when delivered personally; (ii) one (1) business day after deposit with a nationally-recognized express courier, written confirmation of receipt; (iii) three (3) days having been sent by registered certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. such to the addresses set forth above other address as may specified either party accordance Section.
Each Credit Party shall maintain, in all material respects, proper, complete and consistent books of record with respect to such Person’s operations, affairs, financial condition. From time upon reasonable prior notice, each permit any Lender, at times intervals a extent under the guidance officers or employees delegated by Party, to, subject applicable confidentiality considerations, examine copy records visit inspect Property discuss business operations directors thereof (provided that, so long as no Event Default has occurred is continuing, Lenders be entitled only one per year coordinated Administrative Agent).
Sublessee leases the Aircraft in its “as is, where is” condition. The only services, rights, or warranties to which is entitled under this Sublease are those Sublessor provided Prime Lease. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of State Minnesota (without reference to its conflicts provisions).
Any dispute, controversy, claim or action of any kind arising out of, relating to, in connection with this Agreement, way involving Company and Investor their respective Affiliates, including issues arbitrability, will be resolved solely by final binding arbitration English before a retired judge at JAMS International, its successor, the Territory Virgin Islands, pursuant to most expedited Streamlined Arbitration Rules procedures available. interim award may entered enforced court competent jurisdiction. The include prevailing party’s reasonable arbitration, expert witness attorney fees, costs expenses. Notwithstanding foregoing, sole discretion bring an U.S. District Court for Nevada Middle Florida addition lieu aid arbitration.
This Agreement and any of the documents related hereto rights, duties, or obligations thereunder may not be assigned by Applicant without written consent Commissioner. Any assignment made Commissioner shall void no force effect. Borrower or any Guarantor fails to provide the Lender with financial statements, tax returns other information within thirty (30) days of Lender’s request..
Neither the Company’s ownership of assets, nor, to such Assignor’s knowledge, operation assets is in violation any applicable laws, licenses and permits, including environmental material respect. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF STATE NEW YORK . The other provisions of Article IX the Credit Agreement shall apply to this Amendment same extent as if fully set forth herein.
During the Term of Executive’s Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with most favorable plans, policies, programs and practices Company its subsidiaries as effect at any time hereafter respect other key Executives subsidiaries; provided, however, that no event fewer than 25 business days per year, well pay for all holidays observed by Company.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted to be given made under this Agreement shall in writing deemed have been if delivered by hand, sent generally recognized overnight courier service mail: (i) the Executive, Executive’s address as it appears records of Company, (ii) Navigant Consulting, Inc., 30 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attention: General Counsel, (iii) such either party furnished accordance herewith. Notice will effective when actually received addressee.
The validity or unenforceability of any provision provisions this Agreement shall not affect the enforceability other hereof, which will remain in full force and effect. Should a court body competent jurisdiction determine that is excessive scope otherwise illegal, invalid, void unenforceable, such be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, so it enforceable to maximum extent possible.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Company shall have right enforce provisions of Section 3.3 through an action, suit or proceeding brought in any federal court located State Colorado state court, and each Participant consents exclusive jurisdiction venue such courts (and appropriate appellate therefrom) irrevocably waives, fullest extent permitted by law, a jury trial objection that party may now hereafter laying has been inconvenient forum.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein in certificates or other instruments delivered connection with pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered have been relied upon parties hereto survive execution delivery of making any Loans, regardless investigation such party on its behalf notwithstanding that Administrative Agent Lender may had notice knowledge Default incorrect representation warranty at time credit is extended hereunder, continue full force effect as long principal accrued interest Loan fee amount payable under outstanding. The provisions Section 2.15 , 2.16 2.17 9.03 Article VIII remain consummation transactions contemplated hereby, repayment Loan, termination provision hereof.
This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements, whether oral or written, by any officer, employee representative of party hereto in respect the subject matter contained herein; and agreement parties herein is hereby terminated cancelled (other than Non-disclosure Assignment Inventions dated May 24, 2013 between Employee Company). The Purchaser is an entity and duly incorporated, validly existing in good standing under the laws of jurisdiction its incorporation or organization.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Borrower, each Guarantor, Administrative Agent, Bank their respective successors permitted assigns, except that Borrower Guarantor Guarantors not have right assign any rights hereunder or interest herein without prior written consent Banks. The Banks this are set forth in subject provisions Section 10.16 .
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and electronically, each which when so delivered shall taken to an original; but such counterparts together constitute one the same document. Borrower shall use proceeds of the Loan to (a) make initial deposits Reserve Funds, (b) distributions Equity Owner, (c) pay costs and expenses incurred in connection with closing any related Securitization, (d) extent remain after satisfying clauses through above, for such lawful purpose as designate.
Except as set forth on Schedule 8.1.18 hereto, there are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending, to the knowledge of Loan Parties, threatened, against affecting any Party its Domestic Subsidiaries which, singly in aggregate, would reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect that involve Document Closing Date Transactions. Neither nor is default with respect order, writ, injunction, judgment, decree rule Governmental Authority, Effect.
Landlord and Tenant acknowledge agree that the Lease Term commenced on May 1, 1996 is scheduled to expire April 30, 2017. hereby extend for period commencing 2017 expiring July 31, 2020 (the “ Additional ”), unless further extended or earlier terminated in accordance with provisions of Lease. During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks of vacation annually, administered in accordance with Corporation’s program. The also all paid holidays given by Corporation its U.S. employees.
Minera William shall not fully or partially transfer its right to receive the Royalty without prior written consent of GTM and first offering such interest on same terms, conditions price which Payee intends an unrelated third party. may assign rights obligations under this Exhibit “A” William, provided that assignee agrees in writing be bound by terms so notifies William.
You agree to hold the facts and circumstances surrounding execution of this Agreement Supplemental Release in strictest confidence. This Agreement, together with the Non-Competition contains entire agreement of parties respect to Employee’s employment by Employer, and supersedes any all prior agreements between or among parties. There are no other contracts, understandings, whether oral written, existing them except as contained referred in this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this on any number separate counterparts, and all said counterparts taken together shall deemed constitute same instrument. The exchange copies signature pages facsimile PDF transmission effective execution delivery as hereto used in lieu original for purposes. Signatures transmitted their signatures
From the date hereof through Closing, each party hereto shall promptly notify representative of other parties any known Proceeding which after are threatened or commenced against such its affiliates officer, director, employee, consultant, agent Acquiree Company Record Owners thereof, in their capacities as such, which, if decided adversely, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect upon condition (financial otherwise), assets, liabilities, business, operations prospects Subsidiaries.
The Committee has the right at any time, and from time to amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or cancel Option, prospectively retroactively; provided, however , that no such amendment shall adversely affect Participant’s material rights under this Agreement without written consent, be in accordance with Section 409A of Code. Any provision for the benefit of Company contained in these Terms and Conditions may be waived, either generally or any particular instance, by Board Directors a duly authorized committee thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of State Delaware, without regard to such state’s choice law provisions which would require application any other jurisdiction. The United States District Court for Northern Illinois have exclusive jurisdiction all matters arising out or connection with this Agreement; provided , however that nothing deemed a consent submission by CAC Bankruptcy purpose, including respect disputes under relating Agreement, Company reserve rights regard.
In the event that any one or more of provisions this Separation Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal unenforceable, validity, legality and enforceability remaining will not in way affected impaired thereby. Moreover, if contained excessively broad as duration, scope, activity subject, such construed by limiting reducing them so enforceable maximum extent compatible with applicable law.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, at request of any Account Party Lenders agree time from during Availability Period issue Non-Syndicated Letters Credit for account such in an aggregate amount that will not result Aggregate Exposure exceeding Commitments (it being understood may be issued, or outstanding, more than one Parties time).
The Company is not providing Grantee with advice, warranties, or representations regarding any of the legal, tax, business effects to respect Plan this Award Agreement. encouraged seek and advice from Grantee’s own advisers as soon possible. By accepting Shares covered thereby, by signing Agreement, acknowledges that familiar terms Agreement Plan, has been discuss advisers, agrees be bound
Withholding of all applicable taxes are your responsibility. Except as provided in Section 7.2 , the representations and warranties of Company Purchasers contained or made pursuant to this Agreement shall not survive Closing termination Agreement. All covenants other agreements parties until fully performed fulfilled, unless extent that non-compliance with such is waived writing by party entitled performance.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, (i) the validity, legality, and enforceability remaining provisions Purchase will not affected impaired, (ii) parties shall negotiate in good faith so as replace each such unenforceable with a valid, legal, enforceable that will, effect, from an economic viewpoint, most nearly fairly achieve effect intent entering into Agreement.
No Event of Default or, to the best Borrower’s knowledge, exists under or with respect any Loan Document and neither Borrower nor other Covered Party is in default material beyond applicable grace period agreement, instrument undertaking which it a party by its property bound respect, existence likely result Material Adverse Effect.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under shall be assigned by Party (whether operation Law otherwise) without prior written consent Company and Backstop Participants, other than an assignment a Participant expressly permitted Section 2.9 purported in violation 10.2 void ab initio . Except as provided Article VIII with respect to Indemnified Persons 2.4 9.1 Supporting Term Lenders, (including documents instruments referred Agreement) is not intended does confer upon Person Parties rights remedies Agreement.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Company its successors assigns. Entellus seek have any Successor, by written agreement, assent fulfillment such Successor Entellus’ obligations under this Agreement. A has no rights, authority or power with respect prior a Change in Control. The Plan and all provisions thereof shall be construed, administered, enforced in accordance with the Code, ERISA, laws of State Mississippi to extent such state are not superseded, limited, or preempted by other applicable federal laws, regulations, guidance.
This Agreement and the other Loan Documents any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract tort otherwise) based upon, arising out relating to this Document (except, as Document, expressly set forth therein) transactions contemplated hereby thereby shall be governed by, construed accordance with, internal laws State Illinois (including, without limitation, 735 ILCS Section 105/5-1 et seq., but otherwise regard conflict provisions) Illinois.
Tenant acknowledges and consents to the assignment of Lease by Landlord in favor Lender. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts (including via facsimile), each of which shall deemed to an original, but all together constitute and the same instrument become effective when have been signed by parties delivered other party.
Subject to the terms of Intercreditor Agreement, Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between Lenders, obligations Borrower under this Agreement Notes, if any, may be declared forthwith due payable provided in Section 10.1 (and shall deemed have become automatically circumstances 10.1) for purposes 12.1, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or from becoming payable) against event being payable), (whether not by Borrower) 12.1.
All Taxes shall be the financial responsibility of party obligated to pay such as determined by applicable law and neither is or liable at any time for other party’s incurred in connection with related amounts paid under this Agreement. No Tax withheld Company on Net Cash Proceeds payable Investors hereunder unless required law.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf any signature complying with U.S. federal ESIGN Act 2000, e.g. , www.docusign.com) other transmission method counterpart so to have been duly validly valid effective for purposes.
Purchaser is not and acting on behalf of (i) an “employee benefit plan” within the meaning Section 3(3) ERISA, (ii) a “plan” 4975 Code or (iii) entity deemed to hold “plan assets” 29 C.F.R. §2510.3-101, as modified by 3(42) any such employee plan plan. For purposes of this Section 5.9 , the term “Lender” includes any Issuing Bank and “Applicable Law” FATCA.
Seller and Buyer each acknowledge that it has been represented by its own legal counsel in connection with this Agreement the transactions contemplated Agreement. Accordingly, any rule of law, or decision would require interpretation claimed ambiguities against Party drafted it, no application is expressly waived. The provisions shall be interpreted a reasonable manner to effect intent Buyer.
If a Disputed Claim is made with respect to termination of employment occurring during period beginning on the date Change in Control and ending 24 months thereafter, Participant shall be entitled reimbursement Attorneys’ Fees, whether or not obtains Judgment Award. Such “pay-as-you-go” basis, as soon practicable after presentation Company writing any periodic statements for but no event later than last day Participant’s taxable year following which applicable Fees were incurred.
THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY THEREBY, RELATIONSHIP PARTIES HERETO AND INTERPRETATION ENFORCEMENT RIGHTS DUTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, LAW STATE NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PRINCIPLES CONFLICTS OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 5-1402 GENERAL OBLIGATIONS YORK. This Agreement may be modified or amended only by a writing duly executed on behalf of the Sellers and Purchaser.
To facilitate execution, this Guaranty may be executed in as many counterparts convenient or required. It shall not necessary that the signature of, on behalf each party, of all persons required to bind any appear counterpart. All collectively constitute a single instrument. making proof produce account for more than counterpart containing respective signatures parties hereto. Any page detached from such without impairing legal effect thereon and thereafter attached another identical thereto except having it additional pages.
You shall forfeit your right to receive any unpaid Retention Bonus and the Company have no further obligation under this Agreement in event employment with its subsidiaries is terminated for reason (including death or disability) other than as set forth Section 2 hereof. If any provision of this Settlement Agreement shall be determined to invalid or unenforceable under applicable law by a court competent jurisdiction, that part ineffective the extent such invalidity unenforceability only, without in way effecting remaining parts provisions Agreement.
Borrower and each Subsidiary has good indefeasible title to its respective Properties, free clear of all Liens, except for Permitted Liens. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Company’s obligations under Sections 7.4, 7.5 and 7.6 shall terminate if Executive does not execute deliver Company a release substantially form attached hereto as Appendix A within [forty-five (45) days] of termination employment or revokes such any applicable revocation period.
Any notice, demand or request required permitted to be given under this Agreement shall in writing and deemed sufficient when delivered personally sent by telegram forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited the U.S. mail, as certified registered with postage prepaid, addressed party notified at such party’s address set forth below subsequently modified written notice.
The parties recognize that if any provision of this Agreement is violated by the Company, Indemnitee may be without an adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, in event such violation, shall entitled, so elects, to institute Proceedings, either law or equity, obtain damages, enforce specific performance, enjoin relief combination foregoing as elect pursue.
Each Obligor shall keep accurate and complete records, in all material respects, of its Equipment, including kind, quality, quantity, cost, acquisitions dispositions thereof, submit to Administrative Agent, on such periodic basis as Agent may reasonably request, a current schedule form satisfactory Agent. Promptly upon Obligors deliver evidence their ownership or interests any Equipment.
(a) Maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, in such amounts against risks as are customarily maintained by similarly situated companies engaged the same or similar businesses operating locations cause, subject to time periods set forth clause (ix) of definition "Collateral Requirement" Schedule 5.02(d) , if applicable, Agent be listed a co-loss payee on property casualty policies an additional insured liability policies.
This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute and the same instrument. Delivery by electronic transmission (e.g., “pdf”) counterpart a signature page to this effective as delivery original Amendment, and, once delivered, not withdrawn revoked unless fails become accordance with its terms on prior January 31, 2017.
The LTIP shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Company its successors assigns. Consultant shall be eligible for reimbursement of reasonable travel expenses which are approved in advance by the Company and associated with Consultant’s performance duties under this Agreement. Each of IHS and the Borrower, each other Loan Party (by its execution Documents to which it is a party), Administrative Agent Lender acknowledges that them has had benefit legal counsel own choice been afforded an opportunity review with shall be construed as if jointly drafted by parties thereto.
The Company agrees to employ the Executive, and Executive render his services Company, as its Vice President General Counsel, during Term (as defined below). In connection with employment shall serve without additional payment or compensation of any kind an officer other direct indirect subsidiary affiliate designated by Company’s Chief Officer (collectively, “Subsidiaries”). at direction offices in Indianapolis, Indiana. use best efforts promote further business, reputation good name Subsidiaries “Company Group”) promptly faithfully comply all instructions, directions, requests, rules regulations made issued from time Company.
Upon (i) delivery to the Administrative Agent of an Assignment Agreement substantially in form attached as Exhibit C hereto (an “ ”), together with any consent required by Section 13.03(a), (ii) payment a $3,500 processing fee for such assignment and (iii) recordation Register 13.03(c), shall become effective on date specified Assignment. On after assignment, Purchaser all purposes be Lender party this Credit other Loan Document executed Lenders have rights obligations under Documents, same extent if it were original hereto, no further or action Borrowers, release transferor respect percentage Aggregate Commitment, Loans Participation Interests assigned Purchaser.
If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, incapable being enforced by Law public policy, all terms provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic legal substance transactions contemplated hereby not affected manner materially adverse to party. Upon such determination, parties hereto negotiate good faith modify original intent closely possible an acceptable matter end that are fulfilled fullest extent possible.
All notices hereunder shall be in writing and (a) if to the Company, delivered personally Secretary of Company or mailed its principal office address, 1801 Bayberry Court, P.O. Box 18100, Richmond, VA 23226-8100 USA, attention Secretary, (b) Employee, Employee at address set forth below. Such addresses may changed any time by notice from one party other.
PCT, ADAPTIMMUNE AND CLIENT WAIVE ANY RIGHTS THEY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATING THE AGREEMENT. AGREE THAT SUCH SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE JUDGE SITTING WITHOUT JURY. No portion of any Purchase Price payment hereunder will be used (i) for a purpose that violates, or would inconsistent with, law, rule regulation applicable to such Transferor (ii) acquire security in transaction which is subject Section 12, 13 14 the Securities Exchange Act 1934, as amended.
The Parties will, at their own expense and any time from to time, promptly execute deliver all further instruments documents, take action, that may be necessary or desirable, either Party reasonably request, in order protect right interest granted purported hereby enable the ABL Agents Second Lien Agent exercise enforce rights remedies hereunder; provided , however no shall required pay over payment distribution, other action referred this Section 7.2, extent such would contravene law, legal requirement of terms provisions Agreement, event a controversy dispute, interplead distribution court competent jurisdiction, without responsibility respect under 7.2.
This is an Agreement for the performance of personal services by you and may not be assigned (other than right to receive payments which a company, trust or foundation owned controlled you) any purported assignment in violation foregoing shall deemed null void. Studio assign this all part its rights hereunder entity acquires substantially assets inure benefit such assignee; provided that your duties do materially change.
This Agreement and all claims, causes of action or proceedings (whether in contract, tort, at law otherwise) that may be based upon, arise out relate to this will governed by the internal laws State Maryland, excluding any conflicts- choice-of-law rule principle might otherwise refer construction interpretation substantive another jurisdiction. The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of 11.02(e) shall survive resignation Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer Swing Line Lender, replacement termination Agreement or Aggregate Commitments repayment, satisfaction discharge all other Obligations.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF STATE NEW YORK WITHOUT REFERENCE TO CHOICE OF, OR CONFLICT PRINCIPLES. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is in compliance with the requirements of all Laws orders, writs, injunctions decrees applicable to it or its properties, except such instances which failure comply therewith, either individually aggregate, could not reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect.
With the exception of Base Rate Loans, interest on Letter Credit fees, Related Expenses, and commitment other fees charges hereunder shall be computed basis a year having three hundred sixty (360) days calculated for actual number elapsed. respect to sixty‑five (365) or sixty‑six (366) days, as case may be, This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted pursuant to the internal laws of State Michigan, without regard principles conflicts laws. The terms exclusions Company’s Alternative Dispute Resolution Policy apply any all disputes under this Agreement.
EACH DEBTOR HEREBY AGREES TO INDEMNIFY COLLATERAL AGENT AND ITS SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, AGENTS, ATTORNEYS, EMPLOYEES, FROM AGAINST ANY ALL LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, PENALTIES, SUITS, COSTS, EXPENSES OF KIND NATURE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LITIGATION OR PREPARATION THEREFOR WHETHER NOT IS A PARTY THERETO) IMPOSED ON, INCURRED BY ASSERTED IN WAY RELATING ARISING OUT THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT, THE MANUFACTURE, PURCHASE, ACCEPTANCE, REJECTION, OWNERSHIP, DELIVERY, LEASE, POSSESSION, USE, OPERATION, CONDITION, SALE, RETURN OTHER DISPOSITION LATENT DEFECTS, DISCOVERABLE Collateral Agent SUCH DEBTOR, CLAIM FOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT).
Interest is payable monthly on the last calendar day of each month and shall be computed basis a 360-day year for actual number days elapsed. In computing interest, (i) all payments received after 12:00 p.m. Pacific time any deemed at opening business next Business Day, (ii) date making Credit Extension included payment excluded; provided , however that if repaid same which it made, such in interest Extension.
Landlord and Tenant represent that, except for Avison Young, representing Landlord, the parties have not dealt with any real estate broker, sales person or finder in connection this Amendment, no other broker initiated participated negotiation of Amendment. agrees to indemnify hold harmless from against liabilities (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees expenses) claims commissions arising out a breach foregoing representation.
No government authorization, consent, approval, license, exemption of or filing registration with any court governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency instrumentality, domestic foreign, under applicable laws, rules regulations currently in effect, is will be necessary for, connection with, the transaction contemplated by this Agreement other agreement instrument executed herewith, for performance it its obligations and such agreements.
This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each which shall an original and all which, taken together, constitute a single instrument. executed by facsimile or email ( i.e., PDF) signature such signatures effective as originals. As used in the Agreement (including Exhibits, Schedules and Annexes), following terms shall have meanings (such to be equally applicable both singular plural forms of defined).
The authorized capital of the Company consists 100 Shares Common Stock, par value $.00001, which a total shares are issued and outstanding (the " Issued Outstanding Stock ") has been duly authorized, issued, fully paid nonassessable, free clear all liens, charges, pledges, security interests, Encumbrances, right first refusal, preemptive or other restriction. No person, firm corporation any right, agreement, warrant option, present future, contingent absolute, capable becoming agreement option to require issue in its convert securities company into Company.
Either party may cancel or terminate this Agreement by giving writing notice if the other (i) becomes insolvent, is subject of bankruptcy administration proceedings that are not dismissed within ninety (90) days filing makes an assignment for benefit creditors, (ii) materially breaches defaults on any such party’s obligations under and fails to cure breach default thirty (30) after written describing default. Immediately upon expiration termination Agreement, Consultant shall promptly deliver, in a format acceptable Company, all physical embodiments Work Product Proprietary Information copies thereof Consultant’s possession control. Sections 2, 5, 6, 7, 9 10 survive Agreement.
Employee shall report to the Board of Directors Company pursuant procedures set forth in Company’s Bylaws. agrees discharge such duties as may be delegated him from time-to-time by Company. The reserves right change or modify designation his at Company's discretion time-to-time. During term employment, unless an actual conflict arises, is authorized engage any other business occupation provided he has ability dedicate, very least, twenty hours a month towards performance hereunder. not prohibited making passive personal investments for which expenditure time required. acknowledges that travel, reasonably required Company, connection with subject paying and all reasonable expenses advance travel.
Executive has been an employee of the Company since September 3, 2013. The and now agree to enter into this Agreement, upon terms conditions set forth herein for period beginning on January 1, 2016 ending as provided in paragraph 4 hereof (the " Employment Period "). parties that purposes calculating years service, Executive’s employment with commenced
The Parties shall bear their own costs and attorneys’ fees incurred in connection with the Lawsuit, negotiation, preparation, review of this Agreement. However, event any action is brought to enforce terms Agreement, prevailing party such receive an award its reasonable that action. Any notice to the Borrower or Lender hereunder shall be effective when delivered in accordance with provisions set forth Loan Agreement.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified or discharged unless such waiver, modification discharge is agreed to in writing signed by Indemnitee and the Company. waiver either party hereto at any time breach other compliance with condition performed shall deemed a similar dissimilar provisions conditions same prior subsequent time. agreements representations, oral otherwise, expressed implied respect subject matter hereof have been made that are not set forth expressly Agreement. References Sections references
Seller is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of State Nevada properly qualified to do business each state which it required be so qualified. Spin-off Subsidiary Malta, country This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts (including, without limitation, facsimile counterparts), each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute one and the same agreement.
Except as set forth in Section 6.2 of this Agreement, written document and all Schedules Exhibits hereto expresses the entire purchase agreement between Parties with respect to subject matter hereof supersedes any prior agreements or understandings concerning such matter. The proceeds of the Term Loan will be used for general partnership, corporate or company purposes, as applicable, Parties and their Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, acquisitions.
This instrument, executed in duplicate, sets forth the entire agreement between parties and may not be canceled, modified, or amended except by a written instrument both Seller Buyer. This 2016-3 Servicing Supplement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which so and delivered shall deemed to an original, but all counterparts together constitute one the same instrument.
(a) Do, or cause to be done, all things necessary preserve, renew and keep in full force effect its legal existence, except, the case of a Subsidiary Borrower that is not Loan Party, where failure do so would reasonably expected have Material Adverse Effect, except as otherwise expressly permitted under Section 6.05 ; provided each First Tier Covenant applicable, may liquidate dissolve one more Subsidiaries if assets such extent they exceed estimated liabilities are acquired by Party Wholly-Owned liquidation dissolution; Parties liquidated into Holdings Domestic Foreign Subsidiaries.
This Agreement may not be assigned by the Company (whether operation of law or otherwise) without prior written consent Required Holders; provided, however , that in event is a party to merger, consolidation, share exchange similar business combination transaction which Common Stock converted into equity securities another Person, from and after effective time such transaction, Person shall, virtue deemed have assumed obligations hereunder, term “Company” shall refer “ Registrable Securities ” include received Holders connection with unless are otherwise freely tradable giving effect transaction.
The title of "Agent" is used solely as a matter market custom and the duties Agent are administrative in nature only. has no except those expressly set forth Loan Documents, event does have any agency, fiduciary or implied duty to relationship with Secured Party other Person by reason Document related transaction. conferral upon right shall not imply exercise such right, unless instructed do so Lenders accordance this Agreement.
Except to the extent otherwise mentioned, referred or provided herein, this Agreement contains entire understanding and agreement between Parties concerning subject matter hereof supersedes any prior agreements, whether written oral, hereof. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed the Employee and duly authorized representative of Employer.
Within ten (10) days after the Closing Date, Borrowers shall deliver to Administrative Agent a certificate as coverage under general liability and property insurance policies required by Section 5.02 of Credit Agreement, each which be endorsed or otherwise amended include customary lender’s loss payable endorsement name Collateral additional insured, in case form substance reasonably satisfactory Agent. The acknowledges that foregoing certificates endorsements have been received Restatement Date.
A Restricted Stock Unit shall be 100% vested upon the completion of three (3) full years employment commencing with Grant Date or, if earlier, occurrence a Change Control. Upon termination due to Participant’s death, Disability or Retirement, an award Units 0% such occurs before one (1) year Date, 33.3% on after employment, but two (2) and 66.7% Date. Retirements December 31 any given Plan Year treated as for vesting purposes. Any grant Units, portion thereof, not according foregoing schedule date Participant's reason forfeited.
The Borrower will not, and not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer property assets purchase, acquire from, engage in other transactions with, Affiliates, except (a) the ordinary course business at prices on terms conditions less favorable to such Subsidiary than could be obtained an arm’s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) between among wholly-owned involving Affiliate, (c) transaction permitted by Section 6.01 , 6.03 6.04 6.07 (d) payment customary fees expenses members board directors business; (e) employee compensation Affiliate who is individual Person’s capacity as officer, consultant Subsidiaries.
The Seller is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of California, with all power authority necessary to own or use its assets conduct business as it now being conducted. qualified do foreign corporation in, of, each state other jurisdiction which failure be so would have material adverse effect on (i) ability perform obligations this Agreement (ii) assets, financial position, results operations Seller.
Sections 5(e) through 28, inclusive, shall survive and continue in full force accordance with their terms notwithstanding the End Date. All payments made by the Employers under this Agreement shall be subject to withholding of any tax or other amounts required withheld applicable law benefit plans in which Employee is participating.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, extent that Purchaser has executed or is otherwise bound by a confidentiality agreement in favor of Company, shall continue be such agreement. Pricing does not include image royalty or software licensing, if applicable. All third party costs are estimates. Third expenses directly incurred by the MT exclusively for SHO projects will be billed and paid at cost to MT.
Each of Kindred and Guarantor (collectively, the “ Companies ”) was duly organized is validly existing as a Delaware or corporation, respectively. in good standing State each qualified to do business states which it owns property does business. has full power authority possesses all material governmental approvals necessary enable own, license, possess, lease otherwise hold its properties assets carry on Business operate Facility presently conducted.
Subject to Section 3.7 , this Agreement and its subject matter, any action, proceeding or suit (at law in equity, contract, tort otherwise) arising out of connection with the matter hereof will be governed by construed enforced accordance laws State Delaware, without giving effect choice conflict provision rule that would result application other jurisdiction.
Each Party shall immediately provide the other with written notice reasonably detailing any (i) known or alleged infringement of Agios Patents, Celgene Collaboration Co-Co Patents Joint misappropriation Know-How, Know-How by a Third Party, (ii) “patent certification” filed in United States under 21 U.S.C. §355(b)(2) §355(j)(2) similar provisions jurisdictions, and (iii) declaratory judgment, opposition, action alleging invalidity, unenforceability non-infringement such intellectual property rights (collectively “ Infringement ”).
While employed by Company, Executive shall perform the duties required of hereunder and devote Executive's best efforts exclusive business time, energy skill to performing such duties; not make any disparaging remarks regarding Company person with whom has relations, including employee or vendor Company; use Goodwill solely for benefit interfere in Goodwill, either during following employment Company.
(a) Such Grantor will not, without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent, do any act or omit to whereby material Intellectual Property may lapse, become abandoned, cancelled, dedicated public, forfeited, otherwise impaired, abandon application right file an for a Copyright, Patent, Trademark listed in Schedule 6 as permitted by Section 7.05 Credit Agreement.
Employer shall indemnify Executive (and, upon Executive’s death, heirs, executors and administrators) to the fullest extent permitted by law against all expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, court investigative costs, judgments, fines amounts paid in settlement (collectively, “ Expenses ”) reasonably incurred connection with or arising out of any pending, threatened completed action, suit proceeding which becomes involved reason having been an officer director Employer. The indemnification rights provided for herein are not exclusive supplement that may have under applicable bylaw charter provision Employer, resolution statute.
This Agreement may be executed in duplicate counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute one and the same Agreement. In event that document is signed by party faxed to another parties agree a signature binding upon this agreement as though was original. The business and operations of the Company have been conducted in accordance with all applicable laws, rules regulations governmental authorities, except for such violations which would not, individually or aggregate, a material adverse effect on financial condition Company.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement , consummation transactions contemplated by (the “ Closing ”) shall take place at offices Withers Bergman LLP, 430 Park Avenue, 10th Floor, New York, York 10022, on May 27, 2016 so long as all in Article III are satisfied or waived such date (other than those which, their nature, be but subject satisfaction), other time mutually agreed writing parties . The which is occur herein referred Date ”. deemed effective 11:59 p.m., Eastern Daylight Time
Except as set forth in Section 1 above, all notices, demands, requests, consents or other communications hereunder shall be writing and given by personal delivery, express courier, registered certified mail with return receipt requested, facsimile, to the Guarantor Beneficiaries at addresses shown below, such address may designated written notice applicable Person others. Unless conclusively proved otherwise, deemed effective upon delivery if personally delivered, five (5) days after dispatch sent fourteen (14) confirmation of facsimile recipient facsimile.
Each Member agrees to execute and deliver all such further instruments do acts as the Members deem advisable effectuate this Agreement. The Agent and each Financial Institution hereby waive their right to receive an Extension Notice in connection with the extension of Liquidity Termination Date contemplated by this Amendment consent proposed as set forth herein.
Upon receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice in accordance with terms this Note, unless has good faith determined that matters relating to such do not constitute material, non-public information its Subsidiaries, shall within one (1) Business Day after publicly disclose on a Current Report Form 8-K otherwise. In event believes contains so indicate Holder contemporaneously notice, and absence indication, be allowed presume all Subsidiaries. Nothing contained Section ‎25 limit obligations Company, rights Holder, under 4(j) Securities Purchase Agreement.
The Company shall pay all of the reasonable and documented fees expenses Stockholders (including, without limitation, Paul Hastings LLP Potter Anderson Corroon LLP) incurred in connection with preparation, execution delivery Transaction Documents consummation transactions contemplated thereby; provided, however, that such not exceed $100,000 prior written consent Company, to be unreasonably withheld.
This Agreement is for the benefit of Purchaser and Seller, except as provided in indemnities granted by this Purchase Documents (as defined Section 19) with respect to Indemnified Parties listed therein, no other person or entity will be entitled rely on Agreement, receive any from it enforce provisions against Seller.
During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to 20 days paid vacation per year, or such greater amount as may earned under Company’s standard policy, ratably throughout year. Vacation carried from one year next in accordance with Company policy. Executive and the Company agree that if any portion of this Agreement or General Release application their terms to person circumstance claim is determined, extent, be invalid unenforceable, remainder Release, such other persons, circumstances claims shall not affected continue valid enforceable fullest extent permitted by law.
This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and instruments to be delivered by parties pursuant provisions hereof constitute entire agreement between supersedes any prior understandings, representations or agreements among parties, whether written oral, which may have related subject matter of this Agreement in way. Each exhibit schedule shall considered incorporated into Agreement.
This Agreement ( i ) except as may be provided in a Joinder Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement among parties with respect to subject matter of this and supersedes any prior discussions, correspondence, negotiation, proposed term sheet, agreement, understanding or there are no agreements, understandings, representations warranties between other than those set forth referred ii Section 5 an Indemnified Party, is not intended confer on behalf Person party (and their successors assigns) rights, benefits, causes action remedies provision hereof.
This Agreement may be terminated by the Purchaser, as to Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on between Company other Purchasers, written notice parties, if First Closing has not been consummated or before January 6, 2017; provided, however, that such termination will affect right of party sue for breach (or parties).
Each party agrees that, should any court or other competent Governmental Entity hold provision of this Agreement part hereof to be invalid, illegal unenforceable in jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality unenforceability shall not affect term invalidate render jurisdiction. Upon determination that is unenforceable, the parties hereto negotiate good faith modify so as effect original intent closely possible a mutually acceptable manner order transactions contemplated hereby consummated originally greatest extent possible. Except otherwise by Agreement, response an from for take action inconsistent herewith consistent required hereby, took with failed pursuant order, incur liability obligation unless did seek resist object imposition entering order.
The Borrower will (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order condition, ordinary wear tear excepted, (b) maintain, with financially sound reputable insurance companies, such amounts against risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged same or similar businesses operating locations. cause each Subsidiaries except where failure do so, individually aggregate, could not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect,
CBRE, Inc., representing Tenant, and Jones Lang LaSalle, Landlord. Section 2.2 (Expenses), 2.3 (Records), ARTICLE III (Payments)(to the extent such fees accrued prior to termination, cancellation or expiration), 4.1 (Return of Materials), 5.1 (Intellectual Property), this 6.3 (Survival), 7.1 (Confidentiality), 8.2 (Limitations Liability) and Article X (Miscellaneous) shall survive any termination expiration Agreement.
Except as set forth in Sections 3(c)(ii), (iii) and (iv) below, the option herein granted must be exercised by Optionee only while is an employee (or within 90 days of termination Optionee’s employment if basis for such not otherwise addressed below) Company or one its subsidiaries defined Section 424(f) Code during period beginning with Date Grant ending on Expiration Date. Options that do become exercisable accordance 2 shall terminate th day following employment.
In the event of death a Participant during period Continuous Service since Grant Date an Option, or within 12 months following termination Participant’s Service, Option may be exercised, at any time date (or such earlier on which expires), by estate person who acquired right to exercise bequest inheritance, but only extent had vested or, if earlier, terminated.
Lender shall have received, in immediately available funds, the Closing Fee and Collateral Management Fee. Unless and until changed by the Company, your job position title will be Senior Vice President General Counsel of reporting to Chief Executive Officer Company. The Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, remains in full force effect, embodies the entire agreement understanding between parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof thereof, supersedes replaces all prior oral written agreements or understandings regarding Agreement.
No consent, approval, order or authorization of, registration, qualification, designation, declaration filing with, any federal, state local governmental authority other person entity is required in connection with the consummation of transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except for compliance notice and requirements under federal applicable securities laws. EACH PARTY WAIVES AND RELEASES THE OTHER FROM ANY CLAIMS OR LIABILITY FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS. BOTH RYDER CUSTOMER WAIVE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN SUIT RELATING TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED VOSA.
Executive will have the authority, duties and responsibilities customarily associated with position of Chief Officer, consistent Company’s by-laws applicable law. such additional commensurate his as Board Directors (the “Board”) may assign to him from time time. report directly be subject control direction Board. The Company use its reasonable efforts ensure that continue a member during period employment under this Agreement. At request Board, shall serve an officer director subsidiaries other affiliates without compensation. observe adhere all written policies procedures in effect time, including, limitation, on business ethics conduct, inside information insider trading.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between Parties concerning subject matter expressly addressed herein and supersedes all prior agreements understandings, written oral, with respect to such matter. However, nothing in this Paragraph 22 is intended limit any obligations of under other that Employer may enter into Executive after earlier Effective Date or execution by Executive. The provisions which provide for accelerated vesting extended exercisability stock options shall constitute amendments option previously hereafter entered Employer.
The Severance Benefits are contingent upon and subject to your execution non-revocation of the Release following Separation Date in accordance with Sections 5(b) 24(c) Employment Agreement , you agree sign be bound by which will considered an integral part this Letter Agreement. Each payment by any of the Guarantors to Administrative Agent under this Guaranty shall be made transferring amount thereof in immediately available funds without set-off or counterclaim.
Should any section, or portion thereof, of this Agreement be held invalid by reason law, statute, regulation existing now in the future jurisdiction court competent authority a legally enforceable directive governmental body, such section thereof will validly reformed so as to approximate intent Parties nearly possible and, if unreformable, deemed divisible and deleted with respect jurisdiction, but not otherwise affected.
This Agreement embodies the entire agreement of parties hereto respecting matters within its scope. supersedes all prior agreements on subject matter hereof with exception Indemnification as noted herein. Any negotiations, correspondence, agreements, proposals, or understandings relating to shall be deemed merged into this and extent inconsistent herewith, such no force effect. There are representations, warranties, whether express implied, oral written, respect hereof, except set forth Notwithstanding foregoing, is not intended modify extinguish any rights obligations contained in (i) stock option, restricted other equity equity-based award between Executive RGP that was executed Separation Date (ii) Agreement.
Pledgor has full power, authority and capacity to execute deliver this Agreement the Pledged incur perform obligations provided for herein therein. The execution, delivery performance by of Agreement, as applicable, been duly authorized all necessary action pursuant its organizational documents, a true, correct complete copy such authorization delivered Pledgee. The Company reserves the right to terminate Plan at any time by action of Compensation Committee Board. Upon termination Plan, all Elective Deferrals and contributions will cease no future or be made. Termination shall not operate eliminate reduce a Participant’s vested Account balances.
Each Party will upon reasonable request provide the other and Party’s respective Affiliates, agents vendors all information reasonably necessary to performance of its obligations hereunder. The Parties agree use commercially efforts cooperate with each carry out their hereunder effectuate terms this Agreement. Without limiting generality foregoing, no later than January 15, 2017, (a) YUM shall SpinCo relating Group following Distribution that is for calculate any bonuses (including leadership bonuses) payable Employee or Former 2016 calendar year (b) year.
At the Closing, Investor shall deliver to Company (i) purchase price for Common Shares being purchased by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds an account designated prior and (ii) documents set forth in Section 6(b)(iv) this Agreement. Notwithstanding foregoing, hereby authorizes instructs deduct from be paid at Closing fees expenses that is obligated reimburse pursuant 5(c)
The term of this Agreement shall begin as the date hereof ("Effective Date") and end on first anniversary (the "Initial Term") following Effective Date unless terminated earlier provided in Agreement. Following expiration Initial Term, continue for three (3) successive one (1) year either party notify other at least thirty (30) days prior to then that such is terminating
The Developer shall pay for his own expenses unless otherwise agreed or required by MyDx and pre-approved. The Co-Venturers and their designated representatives shall be afforded full complete access to the books records of Joint Venture during normal business hours upon reasonable notice for purpose inspection, examination copying or any other including, without limitation, an audit financial operations Venture.
The Seller represents and Certificates that all action on the part of necessary for authorization, execution, delivery, performance obligations under this Agreement has been taken prior to Closing Date constitutes a valid legally binding obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium laws other general application affecting enforcement creditor’s rights generally equitable principles. may also sell securities execute promissory note as contemplated by tins Agreement.
You are also being offered the Company’s standard Change In Control Severance Agreement for Executive Vice Presidents, which is provided under separate cover. This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of State Delaware without giving effect to conflict principles thereof that would require application any other laws.
GSSI is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of State Delaware has all requisite corporate power to carry on its business as it now being conducted qualified do foreign each jurisdiction where such qualification necessary applicable law except failure qualify (individually or aggregate) will not have any material adverse effect prospects GSSI.
The parties hereto agree that it is their intention the ABL Collateral, Note Collateral and any Additional First Lien be identical except as provided in Article VI otherwise herein. In furtherance of foregoing Section 8.08 , agree, subject to other provisions this Agreement, upon request by Agent, Notes Agent or cooperate good faith (and direct counsel faith) from time order determine specific items included steps taken perfect respective Liens thereon identity obligated under Loan Documents Documents.
This Agreement contains the entire and understanding between parties hereto, supersedes all prior agreements, understandings letters of intent parties. Terms used frequently with the same meaning are indicated by initial capital letters, and defined throughout Plan. Appendix A contains an alphabetical listing of all such terms subsections in which they defined.
The Executive is authorized to incur reasonable, ordinary and necessary expenses in the performance of Executive’s duties hereunder. Employer will promptly reimburse for all reasonably, necessarily actually incurred, as determined by Company, accordance with policies which may be adopted from time Company. To receive reimbursement, shall present Company an itemized account, including reasonable substantiation, such expenses.
All action on the part of Seller, its officers, directors, and shareholders necessary for authorization, execution delivery this Agreement, performance all obligations Seller hereunder, sale Transferred Units being sold hereunder has been taken, Agreement constitutes a valid legally binding obligation enforceable in accordance with terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, other laws general application affecting enforcement creditors’ rights generally (ii) relating to availability specific performance, injunctive relief or equitable remedies.
This Agreement and the Merger contemplated hereby have been approved by requisite vote of majority shareholders written consent at a shareholder meeting Constituent Corporations stockholders in accordance with DGCL FLBCA compliance requirements law, including securities laws United States. As promptly as practicable after later (a) approval this applicable chief executive officer Mr. Noel Mijares or secretary, David A. Bingaman s hall make execute Articles shall cause such documents necessary to be filed Secretary State Florida Delaware DGCL. The execution delivery hereof constituent corporations constitute adoption of, to, transactions thereby.
If you are resident or employed outside the U.S., as a condition of Option, agree to repatriate all payments attributable shares Stock acquired under Plan in accordance with applicable foreign exchange rules and regulations your country residence (and employment, if different). In addition, take any actions, consent actions taken by Company its Affiliates, may be required allow Affiliates comply local laws, and/or Finally, personal obligations
This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number separate counterparts (including facsimile and other electronic transmission), all such taken together shall deemed constitute same instrument. This Agreement shall terminate and have no further force or effect as of the Expiration Date. Notwithstanding foregoing, nothing set forth in this Section 12 elsewhere relieve either party hereto from any liability, otherwise limit liability for intentional breach obligation other provision contained Agreement.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Seller agrees sell convey Buyer, Buyer purchase receive from Seller, Assets, as defined below. The Original Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid, expenses for which invoices been presented (including reasonable of legal counsel), on or before Closing Date.
This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original but all together constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimiles (including facsimiles signature pages this Agreement) have legal effect hereunder as originals. Seller shall not, without Purchaser’s prior written consent, deliver any inconsistent directions to Counterparty regarding the payment of Purchased Receivables or delivery Royalty Reports Purchaser type referred in Consent and Instruction Letter similar Transaction Documents entered into from time time.
The Company will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, (a) keep maintain all property material to conduct its business in good working order condition, ordinary wear tear excepted, (b) maintain, with financially sound reputable insurance companies, such amounts against risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged same or similar businesses operating locations.
The issuance of certificates for shares the Common Stock on conversion this Note shall be made without charge to Holder hereof any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may payable in respect issue delivery such certificates, provided that, Company not required pay tax transfer involved and certificate upon a name other than so converted deliver unless until person persons requesting thereof have paid amount established satisfaction has been paid. all Transfer Agent fees same-day processing Notice Conversion.
In the event of a Change in Control, Options shall vest or continue and have such treatment, as set forth Plan. All notices or other written communications hereunder shall be made in accordance with (a) Section 10.6 of the Loan Agreement case Lender and Borrower, (b) respective Guaranty executed by Indemnitor any Indemnitor.
Any notice or other communication required permitted under this Agreement must be in writing and delivered personally, sent by certified, registered express mail, overnight courier, at the sender’s expense. Notice will deemed given when personally or, if mailed, three (3) days after date of deposit mail on regular business day following sent. to Company should CIFC Corp., 250 Park Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10177. Participant address set forth signature page below.
As used herein, capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth in body of this Agreement or Appendix I . The Agreement shall be effective as of the first day My employment by Company, affirmed or reaffirmed my signature below. No Shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of this Option unless and until Participant pays Company, or makes provision satisfactory Company for payment of, any federal, state local withholding taxes required by law withheld in respect Option. Such may satisfied, at discretion Board, Common Stock Company.
Failure by Landlord to declare an Event of Default upon occurrence thereof, or delay in taking any action connection therewith, shall not waive such Default, but have the right at time after its occurrence. To be effective, a waiver provision this Lease, default, writing and signed waiving party. Any hereunder deemed subsequent performance defaults. The acceptance Rent hereunder, endorsement check Landlord, constitute accord satisfaction preceding except as particular so accepted, regardless Landlord’s knowledge Rent. No course conduct between Tenant, no keys possession Premises before Expiration Date, Lease operate surrender Lease.
During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with most favorable plans, policies, programs and practices of Partnership, Employer Affiliated Companies as effect for at any time during 120-day period immediately preceding Effective Date or, if more Executive, generally thereafter respect other peer executives Companies.
Subject to, and in accordance with the provisions of Article 3 Plan, any dispute or claim arising out relating to this Agreement Notice Restricted Stock Grant shall be settled by binding arbitration before a single arbitrator Jacksonville, Florida Commercial Arbitration Rules American Association. The decide issues submitted commercial purposes Grant, provided that all substantive questions law determined state federal laws applicable Indiana, without regard internal principles conflict laws.
The Company will pay the Executive an annual base salary, which initially is $250,000, salary as in effect from time to be reviewed periodically (at intervals of not more than twelve (12) months) by compensation committee Board (the “Compensation Committee”). In evaluating increases Executive’s Compensation Committee take into account such factors corporate performance relation business plan approved Board, individual merit, and other considerations it deems appropriate. paid accordance with standard practices for executives Company.
In accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, at Closing, Seller will sell and transfer to Purchaser, Purchaser purchase acquire from Seller, all Shares, free clear Claims (other than any restrictions on transferability imposed by applicable securities Laws). ImmunoGen and Biotest shall each bear all expenses of their respective JDC representatives related to participation on the attendance at meetings.
Employee hereby represents to Extraction that has read and understands, agrees be bound by, the terms of this Article VIII. acknowledges geographic scope duration covenants contained in VIII are result arm’s-length bargaining fair reasonable light (a) nature wide operations Business, (b) Employee’s level control over contact with Business all jurisdictions which it is conducted, (c) fact conducted throughout Restricted Area (d) amount Confidential Information receiving connection performance duties hereunder. It desire intent parties provisions enforced fullest extent permitted under applicable Legal Requirements, whether now or hereafter effect therefore, by waive any provision Requirements would render invalid unenforceable.
Any notice to be given under the terms of this Award Agreement shall in writing and addressed Company at its principal office attention Secretary, Holder Holder’s last address reflected on Company’s payroll records. delivered person or enclosed a properly sealed envelope, as aforesaid, registered certified, deposited (postage registry certification fee prepaid) post branch regularly maintained by United States Government. such deemed have been duly date which it is personally or, whether actually received not, third business day after mailing accordance with foregoing provisions Paragraph 10.
Certain terms used in this Agreement are defined Section 1.1 . These terms, and the additional above, shall have meanings assigned wherever appear Agreement. also applicable to singular plural forms of defined. With respect to our opinions in Paragraphs 5(a)(i) and 5(b)(i) as they relate Regulations T, U X of the Board Governors Federal Reserve System, Borrowers will comply with provisions Credit Agreement relating use proceeds.
The Reorganized Company will utilize the proceeds from exercise of Subscription Rights and sale Unsubscribed Shares (together with Exit Facility) less than 50% total number Common outstanding (without accounting for dilution EIP) to purchase Debtors’ assets (or equity in an entity that holds such assets) a transaction is intended be taxable U.S. federal income tax perspective. Debtors apply Facility received) purposes identified Disclosure Statement Plan.
Each of the undersigned Grantor hereby represents and warrants that this Supplement has been duly authorized, executed delivered by it Security Agreement constitute legal, valid binding obligation each undersigned, enforceable against in accordance with its terms. The headings in the Paragraphs of this Amendment ar e inserted for convenience only and will not constitute a part Agreement.
Without limiting, and in addition to, the provisions of Section 10.02 , Seller agrees to indemnify Buyer hold harmless from any loss or expense that may sustain incur as a consequence (i) default by payment when due Repurchase Price Differential (ii) making prepayment after has given notice thereof accordance with 2.03 .
Each of the Loan Parties and its Restricted Subsidiaries has filed all material federal, state other Tax returns tax reports that it is required by law to file, paid, or made reasonably adequate provision for payment of, Taxes upon it, income Properties are shown due payable on such returns, except extent being Properly Contested.
(a) There are no actions, suits, investigations or proceedings by before any arbitrator Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of Guarantor, threatened affecting Guarantor Restricted Subsidiaries (i) which could reasonably be expected adversely determined and that, if determined, expected, individually in aggregate, result a Material Adverse Effect (ii) that involve this Agreement Transactions.
Each Party’s obligation under this Agreement is unique. If any Party should breach its covenants or agreements Agreement, the Parties each acknowledge that it would be extremely impracticable to measure resulting damages; accordingly, nonbreaching Parties, in addition other available rights remedies they may have terms of sue equity for specific performance obtain an injunction injunctions prevent breaches and expressly waives defense a remedy damages will adequate.
The Borrower Parties: (1) shall comply, in all material respects, with Requirements of Law any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it or its business, and (2) shall, to the extent that failure same would have a Material Adverse Effect, Contractual Obligations. Parties cause each their respective Subsidiaries to: The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Administrative Agent an Assignment Assumption, together with a processing recordation fee of $3,500 paid by assigning Lender (or assignee); provided that may, in its sole discretion, elect waive such case any assignment. assignee, if it is not Lender, Questionnaire.
To Borrower's and Approved Music Venue's knowledge, (i) there are no actions, suits, proceedings, arbitrations or governmental investigations by before any Governmental Authority other court agency now filed otherwise pending (ii) such threatened against affecting Required SPE, Sponsor the Collateral, in each case, except as listed Exception Report (and none of matters Report, even if determined a SPE would reasonably be expected to have Material Adverse Effect).
The Closing shall take place on the Date, as same may be adjusted by mutual agreement of Parties, provided all conditions to have been satisfied or duly waived. By signing this letter agreement, and as a condition to your continued management service with the Company, you agree sign enclosed Arbitration Agreement within thirty (30) days of Agreement.
All disclosure provided to the Investor regarding Company, its business and transactions contemplated hereby, furnished by or on behalf of Company (including Company’s representations warranties set forth in this Agreement) are true correct do not contain any untrue statement a material fact omit state necessary order make statements made therein, light circumstances under which they were made, misleading.
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and agreement between parties with regard to specific subject matter hereof no party shall be liable or bound by any representation, warranty, covenant except as specifically set forth herein. Any previous (whether written, oral implied) among relative is superseded this Agreement. As of the Effective Time, (x) Company has no Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in part (a) Schedule 6.19 hereto and material equity investments any Person (b) (y) each Subsidiary (other Ellwood) that is a Guarantor executed this Agreement, Guaranty Loan Documents.
Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective the extent prohibition unenforceability without invalidating remaining provisions hereof, but shall interpreted if it were written so enforceable maximum permitted by applicable law, and not invalidate render other jurisdiction. To parties hereby waive law which renders hereof respect.
EACH CO-BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF COURTS STATE TEXAS SITTING IN DALLAS COUNTY UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT NORTHERN TEXAS, ANY APPELLATE FROM THEREOF, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT RELATING THIS AGREEMENT OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, RECOGNITION ENFORCEMENT JUDGMENT, PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS RESPECT SUCH MAY BE HEARD DETERMINED OR, FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FEDERAL COURT. A FINAL JUDGMENT SHALL CONCLUSIVE ENFORCED JURISDICTIONS SUIT ON MANNER PROVIDED LAW. NOTHING DOCUMENT AFFECT RIGHT ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, LENDER L/C ISSUER OTHERWISE HAVE BRING AGAINST PROPERTIES JURISDICTION.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which when shall deemed to an original and all together one the same instrument. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment have the same meanings as set forth Credit Agreement. The Committee shall have the authority to determine Employees, Consultants and Directors whom Performance Awards may be granted. use such business criteria other measures of performance as it deem appropriate in establishing any conditions, exercise its discretion reduce or increase amounts payable under Award subject conditions.
This Agreement is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of permitted successors or assigns respective parties hereto, except that neither party may assign its rights obligations under this without express written consent other (which not be unreasonably withheld). This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which so shall deemed to an original and such counterparts together constitute one the same instrument. Delivery counterpart a signature page this by facsimile or via other electronic means effective as delivery manually Amendment.
The terms and conditions herein constitute the entire agreement between Parties shall supersede all previous agreements, either oral or written, hereto with respect to subject matter hereof. No of understanding bearing on this Agreement be binding upon Party unless it in writing signed by duly authorized officer representative each expressly refer Agreement.
The Commencement Date, Expiration Date and Original Term of this Lease are as specified in Paragraph 1.3. There shall be no litigation, arbitration, administrative proceeding or consent decree that could reasonably expected to (1) have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as whole, (2) materially impair ability of parties consummate Transaction.
Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that other Party may be damaged irreparably in event any provisions this Agreement are not performed all material respects or otherwise breached. Accordingly, notwithstanding anything herein to contrary, each will entitled injunctive relief prevent breaches Agreement, and/or enforce specifically terms hereof, action instituted court tribunal having jurisdiction over matter, without posting bond security, such shall addition remedies which entitled, at law equity.
Subject to the provisions of Section 2.06(b) , (i) each Eurodollar Rate Loan shall bear interest on outstanding principal amount thereof for Interest Period from applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal such plus Applicable Rate; and (ii) Base Rate. To extent that any calculation or fee required be paid under this Agreement based (or result in) is less than zero, deemed zero purposes Agreement.
All disputes which may arise between the Parties hereto in respect of this Agreement shall tried to be settled amicably through mutual consultation within thirty (30) days a written settlement request either Party. In event that efforts settle dispute arising under are not successful, agree exclusive jurisdiction competent courts Hamburg, Germany, with exclusion any other or arbitration.
At and after the Effective Time, officers directors of Surviving Corporation shall be authorized to execute deliver, in name behalf Company or Merger Sub, any deeds, bills sale, assignments assurances take do, on other actions things vest, perfect confirm record otherwise all right, title interest in, under rights, properties assets acquired by as a result of, connection with, Merger.
All references to Lender or its Affiliates contained in any press release, advertisement, promotional material other information prepared by Borrower Subsidiary must be approved writing advance of issuance and all issuance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each retains right sole discretion disclose this Agreement (including terms conditions), as well identity Lender, respectively, needed comply with obligations under applicable Laws, including stock exchange regulations.
Your employment under this letter agreement will continue for a five year term, expiring December 31, 2020 (the “Expiration Date”), unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 7 of Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which shall considered one and the same agreement become effective when counterparts have been signed by each parties delivered to other (including facsimile via portable document format (.pdf)), it being understood that need not sign counterpart.
This Agreement contains the entire understanding between parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior contemporaneous agreements understandings, inducements, conditions, express or implied, oral written (including without limitation Prior Agreement), except as herein contained, excluding Proprietary Rights equity award Company’s plan(s) under which Executive’s outstanding awards were granted, such incorporated by reference into this Agreement. The terms hereof control supersede any course of performance and/or usage trade inconsistent hereof. may not be modified amended other than an agreement in writing signed both hereto.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile transmission or portable document format (“.pdf”)) in one more counterparts, the Parties hereto separate each of which when shall deemed to an original, but all taken together constitute same agreement. The fair salable value of Borrower’s assets (including goodwill minus disposition costs) exceeds the its liabilities; Borrower is not left with unreasonably small capital after transactions in this Agreement; and able to pay debts trade debts) as they mature.
The Corporation hereby employs the Employee and accepts employment as an of Corporation, subject to terms conditions set forth in this Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws State Texas, venue for any action brought respect to claims arising out exclusively Dallas County, Texas.
This Agreement shall become effective (other than Section 2.01, which only upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in 3.01) when it have been executed by PPG and Administrative Agent notified each Initial Lender that such has thereafter be binding inure to benefit Borrowers, their respective successors assigns, except no Borrower (including as guarantor under Article VII) right assign any its rights or obligations hereunder interest herein without prior written consent Lenders, provided other may consent.
This Intellectual Property Security Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, all disputes between parties under or relating to this facts circumstances leading its execution, whether in contract, tort otherwise, shall be construed accordance with governed by laws (including statutes of limitation) State Michigan, without regard conflict law principles that would require application another jurisdiction.
If any action at law or in equity is necessary to enforce interpret the terms of this Agreement, prevailing party shall be entitled recover from other reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses addition relief which he it may entitled. On or prior to the Initial Borrowing Date, Effective Date shall have occurred.
The Loan Documents embody the entire agreement and understanding among Borrowers, Agent, LC Issuer Lenders supersede all prior agreements understandings relating to subject matter thereof other than any fee letters Borrowers Agent of with which survive execution Documents. No consent or waiver, express implied, by any party of a breach default in the performance its obligations hereunder shall be deemed construed to waiver other such same hereunder.
Fulton Financial Corporation shall have the right to amend Plan at such time or times and in manner as it deems advisable and, by adopting this Plan, each Employer is deemed consent to, be bound by, any amendment without further act deed. Notwithstanding foregoing, no affect amount of Participant's accrued but unpaid benefit (including earnings that thereon), Participant receive his benefit, becomes effective.
Except as expressly provided in this Second Amendment, the terms and provisions of Lease, previously executed by parties, shall continue to govern rights obligations parties all covenants herein amended, remain full force effect. The Lease Amendment constitute entire understanding agreement between Landlord Tenant regarding subject matter thereof supersede other prior written or oral understandings agreements with respect thereto but one instrument. set forth herein, neither nor any Landlord’s agents representatives have made representation promise, express implied, connection Amendment.
(a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate. This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of Plan. In event any inconsistent provisions between this Plan, Plan control. Capitalized used in without definitions have meanings assigned them References Sections are unless otherwise noted.
Except as otherwise herein provided, all statements, requests, notices and agreements shall be in writing delivered by hand, overnight courier, mail or facsimile and, if to the Agent, sufficient respects sent [ ]; Forward Purchaser, it Company, Company at offices of 777 South Flagler Drive, West Palm Beach, FL 33401, Attention: Chief Financial Officer, with a copy 600 Hale Street, P.O. Box 1000, Prides Crossing, MA 01965, General Counsel. Each party this Agreement may change such address for sending parties written notice new purpose.
Any notice to the Company provided for in this Agreement shall be addressed Corporate Secretary of at 1 Bella Drive, Westminster, MA 01473, and any Optionee such current address shown on file with Company, or other as may designate writing. delivered by hand, sent telecopy electronic copy enclosed a properly sealed envelope stated above, registered deposited, postage prepaid, post office regularly maintained United States Postal Service.
Each Borrower shall immediately notify the Representative of occurrence any Default or Event hereunder referring to this Agreement describing such and stating that notice is a “notice default”. In event receives notice, give prompt thereof Administrative Agent Lenders. Any provided constitute each on date received by Representative. This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, each of which will an original and both constitute together the same document. Counterparts signed delivered by facsimile or digital transmission (.pdf), binding when received applicable Party.
Subject to the provisions of Section 10.2(a), each Agent, Lenders, Credit Party and their Related Persons, is authorized (but not required) transmit, post or otherwise make communicate, in its sole discretion, Electronic Transmissions connection with any Loan Document transactions contemplated therein. Each Secured hereto acknowledges agrees that use necessarily secure there are risks associated such use, including interception, disclosure abuse indicates it assumes accepts by hereby authorizing transmission Transmissions.
(a) The Holders may exercise the registration rights granted hereunder in such manner and proportions as they shall agree among themselves. cease to apply any particular Shares securities be when: (i) a statement with respect sale of have become effective under Securities Act been disposed accordance statement; (ii) sold public pursuant Rule 144 (or successor provision); (iii) otherwise transferred, new certificates for them not bearing legend restricting further transfer delivered by Company subsequent distribution require or qualification similar state law then force (iv) ceased outstanding.
As defined in Section 5.1.18. Except for the fees payable to Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Goldman, Sachs & Co., which shall be paid by Parent, none of Sellers, Companies or Subsidiaries have become obligated pay any fee commission broker, finder other intermediary who might entitled in connection with transactions provided herein negotiation thereof.
THE VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION, INTERPRETATION AND EFFECT OF THIS INSTRUMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED EXCLUSIVELY BY, DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, LAWS of the State Delaware (WITHOUT GIVING TO CONFLICTS LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF), EXCEPT EXTENT PRE-EMPTED BY FEDERAL LAW, WHICH GOVERN. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part Purchaser, is a valid binding obligation enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.
(a) Grant . Subject to the provisions of this Award Agreement (this “Agreement”) and Amended Restated Assurant, Inc. Long Term Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), Company hereby grants Participant, as March 10, 2016 “Grant Date”), a number Restricted Stock Units “Restricted Units”) equal [ ________ ] “Target Award”), each with respect one share common stock Company, par value $0.01 per Share (“Common Stock”). All capitalized terms used herein, extent not defined, shall have meaning set forth in Plan.
The purchase and sale of the Shares shall take place by electronic communication or at such location on date as parties may agree a closing (the “ Closing ”), to occur following delivery all items required be delivered in connection with Section 1.3 this Agreement. In any suit to enforce and/or defend the License Patent Rights pursuant this Section 8, party not in control of such shall, at request and expense controlling party, reasonably cooperate and, extent possible, have its employees testify when requested make available relevant records, papers, information, samples, specimens, like.
Each Loan Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply, in all material respects, with Requirements Law any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it or business, including, without limitation, the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act, ERISA, Foreign Corrupt Practices rules regulations promulgated by OFAC, except such as may be contested good faith to which a bona fide dispute exist failure comply therewith could not reasonably expected have Material Adverse Effect on Parties, taken whole.
In addition to any specific survival references in Agreement, Articles 1, 11 and 12 Sections 2.4, 2.5, 4.2, 4.7, 4.8, 5.3, 5.4, 6.4, 6.5, 7.6, 8.1, 8.2, 9.2, 9.3, 10.1 (in the case of expiration Agreement accordance with Section 10.1) 10.7, 10.8, 10.9 10.10 shall survive termination or Agreement. Any other rights, responsibilities, obligations, covenants warranties which by their nature should similarly remain effect.
The provisions of this Section 11.3 shall be a contract between the Company, on one hand, and each Covered Person who served in such capacity at any time while is effect, other pursuant to which Company intend legally bound. No amendment, modification or repeal that adversely affects rights indemnification for Losses incurred relating state facts existing prior apply way as eliminate reduce Person's entitlement without written consent.
The Micron-NTC Mutual NDA is incorporated herein by reference, and the Parties agree that shall govern confidentiality non-disclosure obligations of in connection with information exchanged under this Agreement. If terminated or expires not replaced, then Confidential Information provided, disclosed, obtained accessed performance Parties’ activities Agreement continue to be subject all applicable provisions notwithstanding such termination expiration. acknowledge Transferred Technology deemed Micron without any further requirement obligation identification, labeling, marking confirmation. Furthermore, each Party treat terms as if they were other Party. To extent there a conflict inconsistency between NDA, inconsistency.
All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing (including facsimile or e-mail communication) shall personally delivered sent by facsimile, overnight mail, to the intended party at mailing address, address number of such set forth under its name on signature pages hereof (or any document agreement pursuant which it is became a hereto), as designated written notice parties hereto. effective (i) if when received, (ii) transmitted e-mail, sent, receipt confirmed telephone electronic means.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights or obligations hereunder shall be assigned delegated by party without prior written consent other party. Immediately after the consummation of Transactions to occur on Closing Date, Borrower and its Subsidiaries, a consolidated basis, are Solvent, in each case giving effect any rights indemnification, contribution or subrogation arising among Subsidiary Loan Parties pursuant Collateral Agreement by law.
On the Closing Date, upon terms and subject to conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with execution delivery of this Agreement by parties hereto, Company agrees sell, Purchasers, severally not jointly, agree purchase, up an aggregate $3,000,000 shares Preferred Stock Stated Value for each Purchaser equal such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount as on signature page hereto executed Purchaser, Warrants determined pursuant Section 2.2(a). Each shall deliver Company, via wire transfer or a certified check, immediately available funds its respective 2.2(a), other items in 2.2 deliverable at Closing. Upon satisfaction covenants Sections 2.3, occur offices Counsel location mutually agree.
The Sellers have disclosed to the Buyer all facts material assets, prospects, and business of Rapid Fire Marketing, Inc. No representation or warranty by contained in this Agreement, no statement any instrument, list, certificate, writing furnished pursuant provisions hereof connection with transaction contemplated hereby, contains untrue a fact omits state necessary order make statements herein therein not misleading provide prospective purchaser proper information as its affairs.
No term of the Credit Documents and/or Security may be amended, and performance or observance by parties to a Document any such not waived (either generally in particular instance either retroactively prospectively) without written consent Requisite Lenders; provided, however, that except for amendments relating adjustment amount principal, rate interest, payment premiums date maturity, permitted amendment waiver under this Section 5.1 shall constitute an applicable all (on pro rata basis accordance with Obligations owed each Lender, as appropriate), case be.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument, either party hereto execute this by signing or more counterparts. The Administrative Agent shall have received copies of the financial statements and other information referred to in Section 3.1 hereof, each form substance reasonably satisfactory it.
You agree that you will reasonably cooperate with Nuo Therapeutics and its officers employees to provide transition support in connection any matter on which your cooperation may be requested or of had knowledge. that, the event are subpoenaed by person entity (including but not limited to, government agency) give testimony (in a deposition, court proceeding otherwise) way relates employment Therapeutics, prompt notice such request (unless prohibited law) Chief Financial Officer make no disclosure until has reasonable opportunity contest right requesting party disclosure. further contacted regarding information concerning one affiliates, respond notification.
Neither this Agreement, nor any other document, certificate or statement furnished to Buyer by on behalf of Seller Schadel in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, within actual knowledge Schadel, contains untrue a material fact omits state necessary order make statements contained herein therein not misleading; and there is no which materially adversely affects, future may (so far as can now reasonably foresee) affect assets, business, operations prospects has been set forth schedule Buyer.
With the exception of Base Rate Loans, interest on Letter Credit fees, facility ticking fees and other charges hereunder shall be computed basis a year having three hundred sixty (360) days calculated for actual number elapsed. respect to sixty-five (365) or sixty-six (366) days, as case may be, The amendment contemplated hereby shall be effective as of May 31, 2016.
Each Company shall (a) comply with all material federal, state, local, or foreign applicable statutes, rules, regulations, and orders including, without limitation, those relating to environmental protection, occupational safety health, equal employment practices; (b) Anti-Corruption Laws, have implemented policies procedures designed ensure compliance therewith; (c) that no Company, the knowledge of any director officer a is Person is, owned controlled by Persons are (i) subject Sanctions, (ii) located, organized resident in, operating country territory whose government Sanctions.
This First Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by each the undersigned on separate counterparts, such counterpart shall deemed to an original, but all when taken together constitute one same Amendment. Signatures this transmitted .pdf (portable document format) via electronic mail or other means treated as originals respects for purposes Seller Buyer further agree that acknowledgement Escrow Agent is not required binding effective between Buyer.
The Lender hereby acknowledges that it and/or its Affiliates from time to may hold investments in, make other loans or have relationships with the Borrower and Affiliates. The Executive’s employment may be terminated in accordance with the Panama Labor Code, specifically including Article 210, 213 and 223 (the terms of which are set forth Exhibit “A” hereto) other related applicable laws or regulations.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (including by less than all parties hereto), each which shall deemed to an original, but together constitute one and the same instrument. A signed copy this delivered facsimile, e-mail or other means electronic transmission have legal effect as delivery original Agreement.
Mortgagor is a corporation duly organized and in good standing under the laws of State Delaware has power to enter into authorized execution delivery this Mortgage. shall, at all times, preserve maintain its existence rights, privileges franchises shall comply with applicable regulations regarding their existence. Sections 5, 6 and 11 shall survive termination of this Agreement.
No amendment or waiver of any provision this letter agreement, nor consent approval to departure therefrom, shall in event be effective unless the same writing and signed by parties hereto. All capitalized terms used in this First Amendment and not otherwise defined shall have the same meanings herein as Agreement.
The authorized capital stock of the Company consists Twenty Thousand (20,000) shares One Dollar ($1.00) par value common stock. Schedule 4.1.5 sets forth a true and correct capitalization table for Company. All issued outstanding was duly authorized, validly is fully paid nonassessable. There are no or warrants, options, subscriptions, convertible exchangeable securities other agreements pursuant to which may become obligated issue sell any its agreements, voting trusts, proxies, understandings party with respect voting, registration under Securities Act, were in compliance applicable federal state Legal Requirements. Except as set on , there appreciation, phantom similar rights
This Agreement, the Investment Agreement and Certificate of Designations are intended by parties as a final expression their agreement, to be complete exclusive statement agreement understanding hereto in respect subject matter contained herein therein. There no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth referred therein, with registration rights granted Company Registrable Securities. together Designations, supersedes all prior agreements understandings between such matter.
Tenant shall not conduct or permit to be conducted any activity, place equipment in about the Premises Building which will way increase rate of fire insurance other on pertaining Permitted Use compliance with terms Lease provided that Hazardous Materials List (defined Section 21.2) does change. If is stated by company due activity Building, such statement conclusive evidence and, as a result thereof, liable for amount increase. reimburse Landlord upon written demand from and sum considered additional rent payable hereunder.
The Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include Purchaser in filing with Commission regulatory agency Trading Market, without prior written consent such except (a) as required by federal securities law connection (i) registration statements and (ii) final Transaction Documents (including signature pages thereto) (b) to extent disclosure is Market regulations, which case provide Purchasers notice permitted under this clause (b).
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall an original and all constitute but the same document. The Service Provider has the full power and authority to enter into consummate all transactions contemplated by this Agreement, duly authorized execution, delivery performance of executed delivered Agreement.
Performance Awards will become vested on the Settlement Date to extent that applicable performance metrics have been achieved and provided participant is continuously employed by Company until such time. be settled in shares of common stock as soon practicable following end Measurement Period. form Unrestricted Stock. The Participant acknowledges that the RSUs and tandem Dividend Equivalents are subject to modification termination in certain events as provided this RSU Agreement Article 13 of Plan.
The Borrower has filed or caused to be all federal, state, and local tax returns required by the paid made arrangement for payment of taxes, assessments, governmental charges levies thereon, including any interest penalties, extent same have become due. set up reserves that are believed adequate such taxes years been audited respective authorities. Nothing contained in this Section 3.5 shall prevent from con-testing good faith assessment assessed against so long as verified WWSAF.
The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) comply with all laws, rules, regulations orders any Governmental Authority applicable to it or property (including without limitation Environmental Laws) (ii) perform in material respects obligations under agreements which is a party, case except where the failure do so, individually aggregate, could not reasonably be expected result Material Adverse Effect. maintain effect enforce policies procedures designed ensure compliance by Borrower, Immaterial Entities their respective directors, officers, employees agents Anti-Corruption Laws Sanctions.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications to New Grantor provided for under the Security Agreement any Indenture Document shall be addressed at address specified on signature page of this Agreement, or such as designated by in a written notice Collateral Agent Secured Parties. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision the Agreement shall not affect validity enforceability remaining provisions Agreement, and such invalid unenforceable be stricken to extent necessary preserve with parties agreeing in event make all reasonable efforts replace a valid that will place approximately same economic position as contemplated hereunder.
Neither party may assign or delegate any of its rights obligations under this Agreement, except that the Company may, without consent Executive, Agreement to (i) corporation other business entity with which merge consolidate, (ii) sell transfer all substantially assets capital stock equity. After such assignment delegation by Company, shall be discharged from further liability hereunder and assignee thereafter deemed “Company” for purposes terms conditions including Section 14.
Any notice, consent or other communication under this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered personally, telexed, sent by facsimile transmission overnight courier (regularly providing proof of delivery) registered, certified, express mail deemed given when so courier, if mailed, two (2) days after the date deposit United States mail. Notice to parties mailed Employee's last known place residence based on records Company, case Company its principal business located at 456 Seaton Street, Los Angeles, CA 90013, such as may specify written notice.
This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which when so shall deemed to an original and, all taken together constitute one and the same become effective counterparts have been signed by party delivered other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign counterpart. In event any signature is facsimile transmission e‑mail delivery a ".pdf" format data file, such create valid binding obligation executing (or on whose behalf executed) with force effect as if were thereof.
All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) . The owns, directly or indirectly, all capital stock other equity interests each Subsidiary free clear any Liens, issued outstanding shares validly fully paid, non-assessable preemptive similar rights to subscribe for purchase securities. If has no Subsidiaries, references them in Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.
All your accrued but unpaid Base Salary as of the Departure Date will be paid to you promptly in accordance with applicable law, and unused vacation Date, reflected Company’s time off reporting system, law policy. You are entitled these amounts (less all withholding other authorized deductions) whether or not sign this Agreement.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between Parties as to subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior contemporaneous agreements with respect hereof. may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall deemed an original, together constitute one same document. Each party acknowledges that original signature or a copy thereof transmitted by facsimile .pdf for purposes this Agreement.
Each party’s obligations under this Section 2.16 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Administrative Agent any assignment rights by, of, a Lender, termination Commitments and repayment, satisfaction discharge all Credit Document. This Third Amendment shall be effective automatically and without necessity of any further action by the Borrower, Administrative Agent or Lenders when counterparts hereof have been executed Majority Lenders, all conditions to effectiveness set forth herein satisfied.
Borrowers and Lender hereby represent that they have dealt with no financial advisors, brokers, underwriters, placement agents, agents or finders in connection the transactions contemplated by this Agreement except as disclosed to Lender. agrees indemnify hold harmless from against any all Losses relating arising a claim Person such acted on behalf of herein. The provisions Section 12.19 shall survive expiration termination repayment Indebtedness.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 10, Agreement may not be amended or modified at any time except by a written instrument approved the Board, and executed Companies Executive; , however that attempted amendment modification without such approval execution shall null void ab initio of no effect. Notwithstanding foregoing, effective upon 30 days’ notice to Executive further consideration from Companies, their sole discretion limited extent they deem necessary appropriate conform terms requirements applicable laws, rules regulations enacted promulgated after Effective Date Agreement. Any amendments preserve value payments benefits payable under practicable defeating purpose amendment, determined Companies.
Borrowers shall keep and maintain all Intellectual Property relating to the use or operation of Properties be held by (if applicable) registered in name applicable Borrower. not Transfer let lapse any without Agent’s prior consent. As a term of your employment and condition to this offer, you must execute Vocera’s Arbitration Agreement as attached hereto.
The execution, delivery and performance by Clayton of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly authorized all necessary corporate action on part do not contravene or constitute default under (i) any applicable law, rule regulation, (ii) its organizational documents (iii) material indenture agreement instrument properties are bound (other than violations such laws, rules, regulations, documents, indentures, agreements instruments affect legality, validity enforceability which, individually in aggregate, would materially adversely transactions contemplated by, Clayton’s ability perform obligations under, this Agreement).
If any one or more provisions in this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, unenforceable, such provision shall judicially modified accordingly make enforceable and if not possible reasonably do so, deemed excluded from Agreement. In case, the balance interpreted as were so accordance with its terms.
The Company agrees to indemnify the Executive fullest extent provided under Company’s Bylaws, on same terms and conditions as indemnification is generally officers directors, in event that he was or a party threatened be made any threatened, pending completed action, suit proceeding, by reason of fact director, officer, employee agent its affiliates; provided, however, not entitled this Section 9(h) relating claims, actions, suits proceedings arising from his breach Agreement.
The Committee is authorized to designate any of the Awards that may be granted under Section 6 Plan as Performance Awards. use such business criteria and other measures performance it deem appropriate in establishing conditions applicable a Award, exercise its discretion reduce or increase amounts payable except limited 8(b) hereof case 162(m) Award. differ for one Participant different Participants. period Award shall set by but not exceed ten years.
The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not constitute a part hereof. Except where the context requires otherwise, whenever used Agreement, singular includes plural, plural singular, use of any gender is applicable to all genders word "or" has inclusive meaning represented by phrase "and/or." words "include" "including" variations thereof, be deemed terms limitation, but rather followed "without limitation." A reference Section, Paragraph, Exhibit or Schedule referenced Agreement. wording mutually chosen parties no rule strict construction applied against party. Unless expressly provided dollar figures currency United States America.
This Memorandum of Lease may be executed in any number counterparts, each which shall an original, but all together constitute one and the same document. Failure or delay on the part of either party hereto to enforce any right, power privilege hereunder shall not be deemed constitute a waiver thereof. Additionally, by breach promise hereof other operate as construed subsequent such party.
The authorized and outstanding capital stock of the Company on a fully diluted basis as date this Agreement Final Closing Date (not including Units ) are set forth in SEC Filings. Except Filings, there no options, warrants, or rights to subscribe to, securities, rights, understandings obligations convertible into exchangeable for giving any right other equity interest Subsidiaries. only officer, director, employee consultant option incentive plan similar currently effect contemplated by is described There agreements preemptive affecting Company's Common Stock.
This Agreement, together with the attached Appendices and any executed SOWs Change Orders, each of which are incorporated into this constitute entire agreement between parties respect to specific subject matter Agreement all prior agreements such matter, including that certain Mutual Confidentiality Nondisclosure dated as August 10, 2015, by (which shall remain in effect solely period Effective Date Confidential Information disclosed thereunder be confidentiality provisions after Date), superseded.
The representations and warranties of the Company hereunder under other Transaction Documents shall survive execution delivery hereof Final Closing for a period three (3) years following Date. This Termination Letter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Parties their respective successors assigns. This Agreement represents the entire agreement between parties concerning subject matter of your employment by Company. It may be amended, or any its provisions waived, only a written document executed both in case an amendment, party against whom waiver is asserted.
All notices, requests or other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be made, if to the Company, Thermon Group Holdings, Inc., Attn: General Counsel, 100 Drive, San Marcos, Texas 78666, and Holder, last known mailing address of Holder contained records Company. made writing either (a) by personal delivery, (b) facsimile electronic mail with confirmation receipt, (c) United States mails (d) express courier service. The notice, request communication deemed received upon receipt transmission party entitled thereto service; , however that a sent Company is not during regular business hours, it on next succeeding day
(a) audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income, stockholders’ equity cash flows each the IHS its subsidiaries OPIS subsidiaries, for three most recently completed fiscal years ended at least 90 days before Second Amendment Effective Date; provided that, with respect to financial year December 31, 2015, receipt such by Commitment Parties shall only be required extent received prior Date (b) unaudited Borrower subsequent quarter 45 that filing on form 10-K 10-Q will satisfy foregoing requirements.
All covenants, obligations, representations and warranties indemnities by the respective parties contained herein are intended to shall remain true correct as of Closing, be deemed material, survive recordation Deed for a period nine (9) months (the “ Survival Period ”). Except expressly set forth in this Agreement except any covenants conditions that must operative after effective, conditions, or obligations merge with delivery not Closing Date.
No failure or delay on the part of Agents, Letter Credit Issuing Bank any Lender in exercising right, power privilege hereunder under other Document and no course dealing between an Obligor Agent, shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor single partial exercise preclude further thereof thereunder. The rights remedies herein expressly provided are cumulative not exclusive that would otherwise have. notice to demand case entitle such similar circumstances constitute Lenders action without demand.
Borrower hereby acknowledges the rights and remedies of Lender set forth in Section 9.1, including but not limited to, Lender’s ability to occupy Borrower’s premises operate business. waives any cause action it may have against arising connection with exercise by such remedies, except for causes from gross negligence or willful misconduct.
Notice given by one party to the other shall be delivered addresses set forth in this Agreement until either notifies writing of change address. As long as such notice was Agreement, it deemed validly on: seventh (7 th ) business day Creditor following registered mailing letter; signing receipt if hand; sending fax or e-mail. However, all notices, requests communications sent only when actually received, which case original versions hand post for confirmation.
The Seller is in compliance all material respects with Laws applicable to it, its business or properties the Receivables Assets, except where failure do so, individually aggregate, would not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the Laws of State Maryland without giving effect to principles conflicts law thereof.
Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that other Party would be damaged irreparably in event any provisions this Agreement are not performed accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached. Accordingly, each shall entitled to seek an injunction injunctions prevent breaches such enforce specifically hereof action instituted court United States state thereof having jurisdiction over matter (subject set forth Section 10(o) below), addition right indemnification pursuant 8 remedy which it may entitled, at law equity, respect fraud by Party.
This offer letter, including, but not limited to the at-will provision above, may be amended or modified other than by a written agreement designated as an amendment and executed you CEO, following approval of Board, although Company reserves right unilaterally modify your compensation, benefits, job title duties (subject any express limitations set forth above).
(a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation either Borrower other Loan Party hereunder under Document shall be made free clear without deduction for Taxes, except as required applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion Withholding Agent); provided that if Agent so to deduct Indemnified Taxes from such payments, then (i) sum payable increased necessary after making deductions (including additional sums this Section 2.15) Administrative Lender case may be) receives an amount equal it would have received had no been made, (ii) make (iii) pay full deducted relevant Governmental Authority accordance with law.
Schedule 5.8 hereto contains an accurate list of all Subsidiaries the Company as date this Agreement, setting forth their respective jurisdictions incorporation or organization and percentage capital stock owned by other Subsidiaries. All issued outstanding shares such held have been duly authorized are fully paid non-assessable. Section 8.2.2 of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended to provide that “Buyer’s Guarantor” shall be either SSC IV, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, or V, as required by Existing Lender.
The Company will use the proceeds from sale of Note for general corporate purposes, and not (i) repayment any outstanding Indebtedness or its Subsidiaries (ii) redemption repurchase Subsidiaries' equity securities. This Joinder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of State [Delaware], without regard to any conflicts law provisions which would require or permit application other jurisdiction.
Borrower hereby represents that it has dealt with no financial advisors, brokers, underwriters, placement agents, agents or finders in connection the transactions contemplated by this Agreement other than J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Credit Suisse (USA) LLC. agrees to indemnify, defend hold Lender harmless from against any all claims, liabilities, costs expenses of kind (including Lender’s attorneys’ fees expenses) way relating arising a claim Person such acted on behalf herein. The provisions Section 9.20 shall survive expiration termination payment Debt.
Other than the Waiver and Second Amendment, this Third Amendment Forbearance Agreement, no settlement, agreement or understanding (A) entered into with respect to Finance Documents (B) purporting amend, modify qualify waive any rights obligations set forth therein shall constitute a legally binding contract, have force effect whatsoever, unless until signed, specifically agreed, pursuant terms conditions of Clause 28.1 Loan Agreement.
The failure of a Party to insist upon strict adherence any term this Agreement on occasion shall not be considered waiver such Party’s rights or deprive party the right thereafter that other Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have their meanings as attributed to such in the Receivables Purchase Agreement or Sale Agreements, applicable.
This Agreement and the Plan contain entire agreement understanding of parties hereto with respect to subject matter contained herein supersede all prior communications, representations negotiations thereto. Except as otherwise specified or in Plan, notwithstanding anything contrary employment between Company Participant (the “ Employment ”), acknowledges agrees that terms Restricted Stock shall be governed by this Agreement, rather than relevant provisions and, event a conflict control. If requested Company, he enter into any such amendments may necessary reflect effectuate foregoing.
Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for expenses incurred in the furtherance of business Company accordance with Company’s practices and procedures, as they may exist from time time. may, his discretion, elect purchase, reimbursed for, class tickets on any international flights which scheduled flight exceeds five hours. keep complete accurate records all expenditures such that substantiate fully account according procedures.
No waiver or course of dealing shall be established by (a) the failure delay Agent any Lender to require strict performance Obligor with terms Loan Documents, exercise rights remedies respect Collateral otherwise; (b) making issuance Letter Credit during a Default, Event Default other satisfy conditions precedent; (c) acceptance payment an under Documents in manner than that specified therein. It is expressly acknowledged Borrowers financial covenant on measurement date not cured remedied satisfaction such subsequent date.
Assignment or attempted assignment by Seller Guarantor of this Agreement any rights hereunder without first obtaining the specific written consent Buyer, granting security interest, lien other encumbrances on Purchased Mortgage Loans to person than Buyer. In the event your employment with Company or any of its Affiliates terminates due to Disability, rights respect then unvested RSUs awarded pursuant this Award Agreement shall become vested in you guardian legal representative, as applicable, such termination.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, in event of any litigation between parties hereto, to that a trial jury would be available as matters such litigation, hereby expressly waive right matters, and agree not demand litigation. This Agreement, including the Exhibits to this Specified Documents and Contribution Agreement embody entire agreement understanding of parties hereto in respect subject matter contained Agreement. supersedes all prior agreements understandings between with hereof thereof, other than Documents.
The Warrant Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. Company agrees to indemnify the and save it harmless against any all liabilities, including judgments, claims, losses, damages, costs reasonable counsel fees, anything done omitted by in execution of this Agreement, except as a result Agent’s misconduct,
This Agreement (including the Annexes and Schedule hereto), together with Purchase any other documents delivered by Parties in connection herewith or therewith, constitutes entire agreement between respect to subject matter hereof thereof supersede prior agreements understandings Buyer, on one hand, Seller, hand. This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of State California without regard to conflict-of-law principles. The federal state courts located Santa Barbara County, exclusive forum for resolving any disputes arising out or relating this Agreement.
Maintain, and cause each Subsidiary to maintain, insurance with reputable companies against such risks, of types (including general liability, larceny, embezzlement or other criminal misappropriation insurance), on properties in amounts as is customarily maintained by similar businesses similarly situated; file the Administrative Agent upon its request any Lender a detailed list companies, rates insurance, dates expiration thereof risks covered thereby.
Any and all notices or other communications deliveries required permitted to be provided hereunder shall in writing deemed given effective on the earliest of: (a) date of transmission, if such notice communication is delivered via facsimile email attachment at number e-mail address as set forth signature pages attached hereto prior 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) a Trading Day, (b) next Day after day that not later than any (c) second (2 nd ) following mailing, sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service (d) upon actual receipt party whom given.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower, Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank Swing Line Lender, sell participations to one more Eligible Assignees (each, a “ Participant ”) in all portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitment Loans owing it); provided that (i) shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto for performance and (iii) Loan Parties, Banks Lenders continue deal directly with connection Agreement. For avoidance doubt, each be indemnity Section 9.05(c) respect payments made by Participants.
Each of the Borrower and Guarantor has timely filed all material federal, state local income, excise, property, other tax returns prior to Restatement Date date each Warehousing Advance Request, as applicable, paid taxes shown thereon be payable, except extent such are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established conformity with GAAP. The charges, accruals on books respect or governmental charges accordance applicable accounting standards.
The execution and delivery by such Person of this Amendment, the performance its obligations under Amendment Agreement, as amended hereby, are within corporate powers have been duly authorized all necessary action on part. This valid legally binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with terms. Each capitalized term which is defined in the Credit Agreement, but not this Eighth Amendment, shall have meaning ascribed such Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, all article, section and exhibit references Amendment refer to articles, sections exhibits of
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and each such counterpart will for all purposes deemed to an original, both together constitute but one the same instrument. Facsimiles or other electronic copies of signatures originals. The Award is subject to all the terms and conditions of Tyson Foods, Inc. The Plan shall be governed by the laws of State California as such are applied to agreements between residents entered into and performed entirely within California.
In the event of any pending or threatened investigation, proceeding, lawsuit, claim legal action against involving Company, Grantee acknowledges and agrees to cooperate fullest extent possible in preparation, prosecution, defense Company’s case, including, but not limited to, execution affidavits documents, providing information requested by Company counsel, meeting with representatives counsel. Nothing this paragraph shall be construed as suggesting implying that should testify way other than truthfully provide anything accurate, truthful information.
Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) elimination of applicable giving rise thereto (including by termination Defaulting Lender status Dollar Tranche (or, as appropriate, its assignee compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi) )) (ii) Administrative Agent’s good faith determination that there exists excess Collateral; , however (x) furnished on behalf a Credit Party not during continuance Default Event (and application in this 2.16 may otherwise applied accordance 8.03 ), and (y) Person providing L/C Issuer Swing Line Lender, applicable, agree but instead held support future anticipated obligations.
During the Term, Employee shall serve Company faithfully and to best of his ability devote full time, attention, skill efforts performance duties required by or appropriate for Position, (i) observe Company’s policies standards conduct, as well customary business including any prescribed law regulation, (ii) perform hereunder in a manner that preserves protects reputation, (iii) such services may be necessary beneficial carrying out foregoing. As Chief Executive Officer, have responsibility authority direct worldwide operations its international affiliates. will reporting directly Company's Board Directors (the " ") other person(s) (collectively, “ Designated Person ”) who designated from time time.
The Holder shall be entitled to receive, and Borrower pay, simple interest on the outstanding principal amount of this Note at annual rate eight (8%) percent per annum payable in cash Maturity Date. The parties will keep confidential, and not disclose to any person, except as may be required by law, the existence of controversy under this Section 25, referral such arbitration or status resolution thereof. In addition, confidentiality restrictions set forth in 8 shall continue full force effect.
Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks of vacation and twelve (12) personal days per year, taken in such amounts at times as mutually convenient for the Company. Any time not by one year carried forward subsequent years. If all which is before termination this Agreement, reimbursed upon (for any reason) lost accordance with Base then effect.
Except as disclosed in Schedule 6.2 , the Acquiror Company does not own, directly or indirectly, any equity other ownership interest corporation, partnership, joint venture entity enterprise. Debtor has filed all tax returns and reports required by any governmental authority to be Debtor, such are true correct. paid taxes, assessments, other government charges imposed upon it or its income, profits properties, part thereof, than those presently payable without penalty interest.
EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF COURTS STATE WISCONSIN SITTING IN MILWAUKEE COUNTY UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT EASTERN WISCONSIN, ANY APPELLATE FROM THEREOF, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT RELATING THIS AGREEMENT OTHER DOCUMENT, RECOGNITION ENFORCEMENT JUDGMENT, PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS RESPECT SUCH MAY BE HEARD DETERMINED OR, FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FEDERAL COURT. A FINAL JUDGMENT SHALL CONCLUSIVE ENFORCED JURISDICTIONS SUIT ON MANNER PROVIDED LAW. NOTHING DOCUMENT AFFECT RIGHT ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, LENDER LETTER CREDIT ISSUER OTHERWISE HAVE BRING AGAINST BORROWER THEIR PROPERTIES JURISDICTION.
The Administrative Agent shall have received executed signature pages hereto from (i) Lenders constituting the Required under Original Credit Agreement, (ii) each Lender (after giving effect to any assignments Non-Consenting Lenders), (iii) Incremental Revolving and (iv) of Loan Parties. The Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for account of Lenders in accordance with terms this Section 2.10 , on date each termination or reduction Revolving Committed Amount, Commitment Fee accrued through such amount Amount so terminated reduced.
All payments by each Obligor under this Lease Agreement shall be made in U.S. dollars, immediately available funds, without deduction, set off or counterclaim, to Lessors’ account as specified Lessors Lessee from time time, free and clear of reduction withholding for any taxes indemnify such paid payable Lessors, including which is responsible Section 8(e) hereof. Except otherwise provided herein, if payment hereunder due on a day that not business day, the date extended next succeeding day.
Any notices required or permitted by this Agreement law to be served on, delivered to, any Party Agreement, shall in writing and signed the giving delivering it sent courier that guarantees overnight delivery, registered certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed whom communication under is made. Notice given as provided herein deemed have been on mailing date and, unless otherwise herein, effective from date. respective at address set forth below. may change its for purposes of receiving furnishing notice such manner above.
In the event Seller or Purchaser fails to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement, non-defaulting party shall provide defaulting with notice and five (5) days cure such default, prior pursuing remedies available respect default; provided, however, that (i) no be provided a party’s default in failing timely close, (ii) period result an extension Closing Date.
The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income, stockholders’ equity cash flows the Borrower for three most recently completed fiscal years ended at least 90 days prior to Amendment No. 1 Effective Date (ii) unaudited income each subsequent quarter (other than fourth Borrower’s year) 45 Date.
THIS THIRD AMENDMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG PARTIES MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN For the purposes of this Article, following words and phrases shall have meanings set forth in Section 4.05 Part III, unless a different meaning is clearly required by context.
Any action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, based on right arising out this Agreement must be brought against of the parties in courts State California, Los Angeles County, or, if it has can acquire jurisdiction, United States District Court for Southern and each consents jurisdiction those (and appropriate appellate courts) such waives objection venue laid therein. Process may served by sending delivering a copy process party at address manner provided giving notices Section 13. Nothing 14, however, affects serve legal other permitted law. Each hereto trial jury.
THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT TORT OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT RELATING TO DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS DOCUMENT, EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) TRANSACTIONS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED ACCORDANCE WITH, LAW STATE NEW YORK. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “Closing”) shall take place simultaneously with execution and delivery hereof at offices GTHC or such other as parties may agree.
The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence any term this Agreement on one or more occasion shall not be considered waiver deprive that the right thereafter other Agreement. Any must in writing. by breach provision operate as construed such The parties to each assignment shall deliver the Administrative Agent (A) a duly executed Assignment and Acceptance, (B) processing recordation fee of $3,500 , (C) an Questionnaire unless assignee is already Lender (D) documents required under Section 2.20 .
All amounts payable by the Company to Executive hereunder (including, but not limited to, Salary or any pursuant Sections 3.3 and/or 3.4 hereof) shall be reduced prior delivery of such payment an amount sufficient satisfy applicable federal, state, local other withholding tax requirements. All Subsidiaries of the Company and locations thereof on Closing Date are set forth in SEC Reports. The Reports as Date, Company’s jurisdiction organization location executive offices other places business.
Each of the parties agrees that any breach terms this Agreement will result in irreparable injury and damage to other parties, for which there is no adequate remedy at law. therefore event a or threat breach, shall be entitled an immediate injunction restraining order prevent such threatened continued and/or compelling specific performance Agreement, without having prove inadequacy money damages as balancing equities between parties. Such remedies addition (including monetary damages) may law equity. party hereby waives requirement securing posting bond connection with equitable remedy.
Except as may be required by applicable law or regulation (but only after using reasonable best efforts to give the MD Stockholders and SLP an opportunity review comment), no Stockholder shall make any public announcement regarding, filings with respect to, transactions contemplated Merger Agreement without prior written consent of Stockholders.
To the extent that receipt of Restricted Stock Units or lapse any Forfeiture Restrictions results in income, wages other compensation to you for employment tax purposes with respect which Company has a withholding obligation, is authorized withhold from shares Common issued under Agreement cash stock remuneration payment then thereafter payable required be withheld by reason such taxable including (without limitation) sufficient satisfy obligation.
Notice shall he addressed to the PARTIES at address and facsimile listed below sent by both (a) email (b) a nationally recognized overnight courier for next day morning delivery, in which case notice be deemed delivered one (1) business after has been (I) deposit with such courier. The addresses may changed written other each of PARTIES; provided, however, that no change effective until actual receipt notice.
Some or all of the payments made under pursuant to this Agreement may be subject Section 409A Internal Revenue Code 1986. The Company makes no representation warranties with respect application such section payments. Employee is solely responsible for any federal, state local income taxes and other imposed on him payments, whether by reason otherwise. shall entitled withhold report making as required law determined in reasonable discretion Company.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each which when so delivered shall deemed to an original, but all taken together constitute a single instrument. Delivery counterpart signature page this facsimile or other electronic transmission effective as delivery manually hereof.
Borrower and Bank each have good marketable title to all its respective properties assets reflected on the financial statements referred herein, except for (i) such as been disposed of since said date no longer used or useful in conduct business (ii) items which amortized accordance with GAAP applied a consistent basis. There are liens any Borrower, other Subsidiaries than set forth Section 6.2 hereof disclosed Exhibit E .
All amounts under this Agreement shall be paid net of any applicable withholding required federal, state or local law. The Company shall do and perform, or cause to be done performed, all such further acts things, execute deliver other agreements, certificates, instruments documents, as the MHR Funds may reasonably request in order carry out intent accomplish purposes of this Agreement consummation transactions contemplated hereby.
Company’s obligation to pay all amounts, including accrued interest, owed Penn under this Agreement will survive the termination of for any reason. Sections 13.10 and 13.11 Articles 4, 5, 6, 9, 10, 11 reason in accordance with their respective terms. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of State Colorado (without considering choice law provisions).
You understand and agree that because the Company is extending these benefits to only a few key employees at Company, you will keep terms of this Agreement confidential all times not disclose anyone (other than your immediate family members or personal tax legal advisors, each whom be instructed by confidential). Your (and members' advisors') obligation continue apply even after expiration employment with Company.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if, within two years following a Change in Control, Participant’s employment is terminated by Group Company not for Cause or Participant Good Reason, Award shall become immediately vested full upon such termination employment. For purposes Agreement, "Change Control" have meaning set forth Plan.
If any provision of this Plan or Award is becomes deemed to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable in jurisdiction as person Award, would disqualify under law applicable by the Board, such shall construed amended conform laws, if it cannot without, determination materially altering intent stricken jurisdiction, and remainder remain full force effect.
If any provision of this IMAX LTIP is held unenforceable, the remainder shall continue in full force and effect without regard to such unenforceable be applied as though were not contained LTIP. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall an original, and all which, when taken together, constitute one agreement. Delivery signature page this by facsimile transmission or electronic (i.e., a “pdf” “tif”) effective as delivery manually counterpart hereof.
The proceeds of the Term B Loans and Revolving Credit shall be used in a manner consistent with uses set forth Preliminary Statements to this Agreement. Dollar C-1 Loans, Euro C-2 refinance B-1 B-2 Loans. D-1 D-2 Incremental together cash on hand at Lead Borrower pay for acquisition, directly or indirectly, capital stock Systagenix Wound Management Mezz B.V. (US), Inc. fees expenses incurred connection such Amendment No. 3 transactions contemplated thereby. E-1 E-2 F
This Agreement shall not be modified or amended except in writing signed by HCW and the Company. binding upon inure to benefit of both Company their respective assigns, successors, legal representatives. constitutes entire agreement with respect this Placement supersedes any prior agreements subject matter hereof. If provision is determined invalid unenforceable respect, such determination will affect other remainder remain full force effect. may executed counterparts (including facsimile counterparts), each which deemed an original but all together constitute one same instrument.
Creditor represents and warrants to Lender that, except as specified in this Agreement, there are no other Obligations Creditor. agrees favor of that additional shall be incurred by any Obligor (without Lender’s prior written consent) and, furtherance same, only existing the date hereof secured a first-priority senior security interest upon Creditor’s Senior Collateral. obligations kind (including, without limitation, type indebtedness contemplated Collateral) Borrower or consent. it will not, consent, obtain (and anticipation entering into Agreement has not obtained) new collateral from secure
This Agreement is the entire agreement between Parties with respect to subject matter hereof, and supersedes any previous agreements, written or oral, Executive Company regard of this Agreement. may not be modified amended orally, amendment modification must in writing signed by an authorized representative Company. represents acknowledges that, executing Agreement, did rely, has relied, on representation(s) its officers, directors, employees representatives, except as expressly contained Rather, relied Executive’s own judgment.
If any provision of this Agreement should be held unenforceable or void, then that shall separated from the remaining provisions and not affect validity except if void relates to payment monetary sum, then, Lender may, at its option, declare Debt immediately due payable. (a) The Term Loan Representative, on behalf of itself and the other Secured Parties, agrees that each them shall take such actions as ABL Representative request in connection with exercise by Parties their rights set forth herein respect Facility Priority Collateral.
Titles are provided herein for convenience only and not to serve as a basis interpretation or construction of this RSU Agreement. (a) Each borrowing by the Borrowers from Lenders hereunder, each payment on account of any commitment fee and reduction Commitments shall be made pro rata according to respective Tranche A Term Loan Percentages, Incremental Percentages or Revolving Credit as case may be, relevant Lenders.
Year-end audited financial statements and unaudited quarterly stub are available online at www.sec.gov (collectively the "Financial Statements"). The Financial Statements present fairly, in all material respects, position on dates thereof results of operations COMPANY for periods indicated, prepared accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), consistently applied. There no assets value which is materially overstated said balance sheets.
Every term and provision of this Agreement is intended to be severable. If any or hereof held illegal, invalid unenforceable for reason whatsoever, such will enforced the maximum extent permitted by law and, in event, illegality, invalidity unenforceability shall not affect legality, validity enforceability remainder Agreement, provided , however that Parties negotiate good faith amend modify order carry out Parties’ intent agreement as embodied herein law.
The Corporation may satisfy any tax withholding obligations in respect of the Stock Units accordance with Section 8.5 Plan. Borrower shall pay to Administrative Agent, for its own account or the of Lenders, as applicable, all Fees set forth in Fee Letter and when due provided therein. At Closing, the Company shall pay reasonable fees and expenses of Purchasers (including counsel to such Purchasers) incurred in connection with transactions contemplated herein, an aggregate amount not exceed $75,000.
From and after the date of this Agreement, Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy otherwise negotiate in respect any security (as defined Section 2 Securities Act) that would be integrated with such rules regulations Principal Market require stockholder approval transaction prior closing other unless is obtained before subsequent transaction.
This Agreement, the Purchase and Sale Agreement documents entered into in connection therewith (collectively, “ Transaction Documents ”) constitute entire agreement between parties their Affiliates with respect to subject matter hereof supersede all prior agreements, understandings negotiations, both written oral, or hereof. Nothing this shall be construed amend modify any Document of respective terms manner and, notwithstanding execution delivery remain full force effect accordance its not superseded by Agreement.
Receipt of Severance Compensation and other benefits or amounts by the Executive under this Agreement, is conditioned upon executing delivering to Company a release.. Such release must be executed delivered no later than fifth day following expiration applicable 21-day review period that commences on after Executive’s Separation from Service, payment any will made until 7-day revocation follows date which executes release.
For the avoidance of doubt, (a) Purchaser hereby acknowledges that it bears risk non-payment by obligors Purchased Loans and associated credit-related losses in respect thereof, indemnification shall not be available for any such or under this Agreement, (b) to extent rights hereunder, executed Addendum, Servicing Agreement Multi-Party are assigned otherwise transferred a third party accordance with terms other agreements, as applicable, assignee beneficiary not, unless consented writing Seller, permitted claim hereunder and, case consent have been provided bound limits on contained Section 5.1 if were Purchaser, may only indemnity conjunction with, place of, (c) multiple recoveries single breach permitted.
THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER RELATED TO AGREEMENT, THE RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES AND/OR INTERPRETATION ENFORCEMENT RIGHTS DUTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH INTERNAL LAWS DECISIONS STATE NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD CHOICE LAW RULES THEREOF. HERETO INTEND THAT PROVISIONS SECTION 5-1401 YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS APPLY AGREEMENT.
If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal incapable being enforced by rule law public policy, all conditions and provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force effect so long as the economic legal substance transactions contemplated hereby not affected adverse manner to party. Upon such determination that enforced, parties hereto negotiate good faith modify original intent closely possible an acceptable are fulfilled greatest extent possible.
Except in the event of an outright sale to Republic accordance with Article III this Agreement, PVOG shall be responsible for payment severance taxes and hereby directs not withhold any amounts from proceeds allocable delivery crude oil such taxes. also agrees indemnify liability incurs respect As of the date hereof, other than as set forth on Schedule VI , no Borrower or any Affiliate (i) has holds tradenames, trademarks, servicemarks, logos, copyrights, patents intellectual property (collectively, “ Intellectual Property ”) with respect to use operations thereof is (ii) registered holder website (other Tenant websites).
Each of IHS and its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed otherwise has the right to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents other intellectual property material business, use thereof by does not infringe upon rights any Person, except for such infringements that, individually in aggregate, could reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
The documents, certificates and written materials furnished to the Agent or any Lender by on behalf of Company for use in connection with transactions contemplated this Agreement, taken as a whole other contemporaneously therewith, do not contain untrue statement fact omit state material (known case statements it) necessary order make contained therein misleading light circumstances under which same were made.
Upon the terms and subject to conditions set forth herein, Issuer agrees sell, Investor purchase Note, in an aggregate principal amount of $1,500,000, a Warrant 10,000,000 shares common stock with exercise price $500,000, Origination Shares. The shall deliver Issuer, via wire transfer, immediately available funds at such times amounts as Funding Schedule attached exhibit Note (the " Purchase Price ") Warrant, Shares, any other documents or agreements related this transaction.
During the Employment Period, Executive shall receive an annual base salary (“Annual Base Salary”), paid at a biweekly rate, least equal to highest annualized (for any fiscal year consisting of less than 12 full months or with respect which has been employed by Company for months) payable, including Annual Salary that earned but deferred, three years immediately preceding in Effective Date occurs. be reviewed annually and increased time from as substantially consistent increases generally awarded ordinary course business other peer executives Company. Any increase not serve limit reduce obligation under this Agreement. reduced after such increase, term refer so increased.
Neither Borrower nor, to Borrower's knowledge, any ERISA Affiliate of has incurred or could be subjected liability under Title IV Section 302 412 the Code maintains contributes to, is been required maintain contribute employee benefit plan (as defined in 3(3) ERISA) subject Code. The consummation transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not constitute result non-exempt prohibited transaction 406 ERISA, 4975 substantially similar provisions federal, state local laws, rules regulations.
No Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, both before immediately after giving effect to this Agreement. Seller not in default the performance, observance or fulfillment any contractual obligations applicable it its property. The provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws State Texas without regard to its choice law principles.
Comply in all material respects with Applicable Laws respect to the Collateral or any part thereof operation of such Loan Party’s Subsidiary’s business non-compliance which could reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect (except extent separate provision this Agreement shall expressly require compliance particular Law(s) pursuant another standard). Each Party may, however, contest dispute reasonable manner, provided that related Lien is inchoate stayed and sufficient reserves are established satisfaction Administrative Agent protect Agent’s on security interest Collateral.
The representations and warranties of Buyer contained in this Agreement the Ancillary Agreements (i) shall be true correct at as Effective Date all material respects (ii) on Closing with same effect though made such date respects. have duly performed complied agreements, covenants conditions required by each to which it is a party, or prior Date.
During the Employment Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in Company’s employee benefit, fringe and perquisite plans, practices, policies arrangements as effect from time (collectively, “ Employee Benefits ”), on generally same terms conditions each of are made available other senior executives Company (other than with respect annual bonuses, incentive plans severance (as well any specifically determined under this Agreement), benefits for which instead accordance Agreement); provided that no less four (4) weeks’ vacation per calendar year.
The Lessee is a corporation duly organized and validly existing in good standing pursuant to the laws of State Delaware; qualified do business as foreign each jurisdiction which its operations or nature requires be so qualified, except where failure would not have material adverse effect on business; U.S. Air Carrier; has corporate power authority engage air transport carry scheduled passenger service presently conducted, own Aircraft enter into perform obligations under Operative Documents.
The Parent Guarantor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Delaware. authorized qualified to do business its jurisdiction incorporation jurisdictions which conduct requires it so qualify. has requisite corporate power authority execute, deliver perform this Guaranty. Borrowers shall use the proceeds of Revolving Loans solely (a) to pay transaction fees incurred in connection with Financing Documents and (b) for general corporate purposes working capital needs their Subsidiaries. No portion will be used family, personal, agricultural or household use.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes all prior written agreements, arrangements, communications understandings contemporaneous oral understandings, between parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended shall confer upon any Person other than and, as applicable, their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors permitted assigns equitable right, benefit remedy of nature under by reason Agreement.
Subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, Company shall cause Director be appointed, hereby agrees serve in such position upon conditions hereinafter set forth, provided , however that Director’s continued service on Board Directors (the “Board”) after initial one-year term subject approval by Company’s stockholders. Give the Lender prompt written notice of an amendment or modification to any Credit Parties’ Organizational Documents.
All federal and state income tax returns other material of the Borrower, each Loan Party Subsidiary required by Applicable Law to be filed have been duly (except for any such non-filing which would not result in fine or penalty otherwise reasonably expected a Material Adverse Effect); all taxes taxes, assessments governmental charges levies upon, Party, their respective properties, income, profits assets are due payable paid, except nonpayment is at time permitted under Section 8.6 . As Agreement Date, none United States audit. charges, accruals reserves on books Parties Subsidiaries respect accordance with GAAP.
Subject to Sections 2(b) and 2(c), one share of common stock the Company (the “Common Stock”) shall be issuable for each Unit subject Award “Shares”) upon vesting. Immediately thereafter, or as soon administratively feasible, will deliver appropriate number Shares Director after satisfaction any required tax other withholding obligations, or, in case Approved 102 Option, Trustee. Notwithstanding foregoing, relevant delivered Trustee no later than March 15th year following calendar which vests.
Except for fees payable to Scarsdale Equities LLC, no placement agent or finder’s commissions are will be by the Company any Subsidiary broker, financial advisor consultant, finder, agent, investment banker, bank other Person with respect transactions contemplated Transaction Documents. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Executive and Company with respect to subjects addressed herein supersedes all prior agreements, understandings representations, written or oral, those subjects.
The Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement of all expenses reasonably incurred by him in connection with the performance his duties hereunder, each case accordance policies established Board from time and upon receipt appropriate documentation. Upon Executive’s termination employment (as provided in, subject provisions of, Section 4 ), any outstanding requests must submitted promptly payment occur thereafter but no later than December 31st calendar year following which such were incurred.
Seller has paid all taxes, including penalties and interest, that are due on or have accrued through the Effective Date required reports returns relating thereto been, will be, timely filed, subject to any extension rights. To Seller’s Knowledge, sales use taxes be collected by Manager in ownership operation of Property been paid, ordinary course business, appropriate governmental authority Date. knowledge, as Date, (i) neither nor received written notice special tax assessment Hotel portion thereof, (ii) there no agreements place affecting Property.
No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent any Secured Party in exercising right, power privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor single partial exercise preclude other further of privilege. The rights and remedies provided this Guaranty, Credit Agreement, Cash Management Hedge Agreement Loan Documents be cumulative not exclusive law.
This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which when and delivered is an original, but all together shall constitute one instrument. In making proof this Agreement, it not necessary to produce or account for more than such counterpart by the party against whom enforcement sought. The Restricted Shares shall vest as of the date grant.
The Company has all corporate power and authority taken requisite action on the part of Company, its officers, directors stockholders necessary for (i) authorization, execution delivery Loan Documents, (ii) authorization performance obligations hereunder or thereunder, (iii) issuance (or reservation issuance) Notes shares Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof (the “ Conversion Shares ” and, together with Notes, Securities ”). by will constitute legal, valid binding enforceable against in accordance their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium similar laws general applicability, relating affecting creditors’ rights generally equitable principles.
(a) Under the laws of Mexico, with respect to execution, delivery and performance this Agreement or any Note issued hereunder, each Mexican Borrower its Subsidiaries is subject private commercial law suit, neither it nor properties have immunity from jurisdiction court legal process that may be brought in courts Mexico (whether through service notice, attachment prior judgment, aid execution otherwise).
After giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby, aggregate assets (after amounts that could reasonably be expected received by reason of indemnity, offset, insurance or any similar arrangement), at a fair valuation, Credit Parties, taken as whole, exceed Debt Parties on consolidated basis, have not incurred and do intend incur, believe they incurred, beyond their ability pay such taking into account timing cash expect payable in respect liabilities, arrangement) becomes absolute matures (and it will thereafter) unreasonably small capital for conduct business.
This Agreement, including the Employee Confidential Information and Innovations Proprietary Rights Assignment Agreement incorporated herein by reference, Product Purchase (in each case, all Schedules, Exhibits Appendices hereto thereto) contain entire agreement among parties with respect to subject matter hereof supersede prior agreements understandings, oral or written, including, without limitation, illustrative terms of employment, except for any written that expressly provides it is not superseded this Agreement.
Each Participant may elect the percentage of his Compensation (stated in full percentages, unless otherwise permitted by Committee on a uniform and non-discriminatory basis) which shall be contributed to Plan cash Before-Tax Account as Contributions Roth Contributions. The aggregate Participant’s Employee not less than 1.0% nor more 25.0% Compensation. percentages so elected applied Participant, paycheck basis, increased or decreased from time time. subject automatic adjustment limitations contributions set forth Article XI.
Borrower and TRS Entity shall, without expense to Lender, execute, acknowledge deliver all further acts, deeds, conveyances, mortgages, deeds of trust, assignments, security agreements, financing statements as Lender shall from time reasonably require, assure, convey, assign, transfer confirm unto the Property rights conveyed or assigned by this Agreement other Loan Documents Environmental Indemnity which may become bound convey assign for carrying out intention facilitating performance terms any Indemnity, filing, refiling, registering, reregistering, recording rerecording Security Instrument.
This Agreement and the Plan together constitute entire agreement supersede all prior understandings agreements, written or oral, of parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof. The this may be amended pursuant Section 8.6 Plan. Such amendment must in writing signed by Company. Company may, however, unilaterally waive any provision hereof extent such waiver does not adversely affect interests Director hereunder, but no shall operate as construed a subsequent same other
All corporate or similar action, as applicable on the part of such party, necessary for authorization, execution, delivery and performance this Agreement transactions contemplated hereby have been taken. This has duly executed by party constitutes a valid legally binding obligation enforceable against in accordance with its term. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all which together shall constitute a single Agreement.
All amounts due under this Section shall be and payable (and subject to the DIP Financing Orders) paid not later than 10 days after demand therefor; provided , however any Indemnitee promptly refund an indemnification payment received hereunder extent that there is a final judicial determination such was entitled with respect pursuant 10.04 .
No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Employee the CEO. The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Agent an Assignment Assumption, together with a processing recordation fee of $3,500; provided , however that may, in its sole discretion, elect waive such case any assignment. assignee, if it is not Lender, Administrative Questionnaire.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed enforced in accordance with the laws of State Delaware applicable to contracts made performed such state without giving effect principles conflicts or any other jurisdiction that would cause application than Delaware. The Company Indemnitee hereby irrevocably unconditionally: (a) agree action proceeding arising out connection this brought only Court not federal court United States, (b) consent submit exclusive for purposes (c) waive, plead make, claim lacks venue has been an improper inconvenient forum.
Except as provided for in Section 23.1 above, this Agreement may only be modified, amended, changed or supplemented writing signed by both Parties. Evidence that: (i) each Seller has added Administrative Agent as an additional loss payee under Seller’s Fidelity Insurance and (ii) Property Manager Manager’s Insurance. Immediately after giving effect to (a) the issuance of this Note, (b) disbursement proceeds Loan, and (c) payment accrual all transaction costs in connection with foregoing, Borrower is Solvent.
Manager may not assign its duties under this Agreement except as described in Section 24. Agreement, Manager’s hereunder or direct indirect interests so long the assignee Manager, case be, shall be controlled, directly indirectly, by Gramercy Property Trust. For avoidance of doubt for purposes 24, Trust include any successor to whether merger, consolidation similar business combination transaction, however characterized. This assigned Company without prior written consent Manager.
This Agreement shall terminate upon death of the Executive; provided, however, that in such event Employer pay to estate Executive compensation, including Base Salary and accrued but unused paid-time off accordance with Employer’s policies respect thereto, which otherwise would be payable through date on his occurs. Such amounts paid at end payroll period follows employment terminates due death. Additionally, Executive’s any vested benefits under this or plan program (paid times provided thereunder) bonus other short-term incentive compensation earned, not yet paid, for year prior
Each of the Parties acknowledge and agree that irreparable injury to other would occur in event any provisions this Agreement were not performed accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached such be adequately compensable by remedies available at law (including payment money damages). It is accordingly agreed Engine, on one hand, Company, hand (the “ Moving Party ”), will each entitled enforcement of, injunctive relief prevent violation hereof, take action, directly indirectly, opposition seeking grounds remedy equity. This Section 10 exclusive for Agreement.
During the Term, Employee will disclose to Company all ideas, inventions, advertising campaigns, designs, logos, slogans, processes, operations, products or improvements which may be patentable copyrightable subject any trade service mark name, and business plans developed by him during such period, either individually in collaboration with others, relate of ("Intellectual Property"). The agrees that Intellectual Property sole property he at Company's request cost do whatever is reasonably necessary secure rights thereto patent, copyright, trademark otherwise Company.
The Parties to this Agreement warrant and represent that the terms of are strictly confidential. contents, conditions may not be voluntarily discussed with anyone or disclosed any other person entity, except your spouse Parties’ attorneys accountants, Company’s employees for purposes carrying out as required by prima facie valid court order subpoena otherwise law, including respect filing Securities Exchange Commission. agree if either party is asked information concerning Agreement, will state only reached an amicable resolution disputes separation from Company. This applies Ms. Wang but all current board members, Company, Company involved in Agreement.
The Parties agree and acknowledge that the restrictions contained in Paragraphs 1-8 are reasonable scope duration necessary to protect Company. If any provision of as applied party or circumstance is judged by a court be invalid unenforceable, same shall no way affect other validity enforceability this Agreement. such provision, part thereof, held unenforceable because area covered thereby, making determination have power reduce and/or delete specific words phrases, its reduced form, then enforceable enforced.
The Company is in compliance with its reporting obligations under Section 13 of the Exchange Act. Employee shall be entitled to four weeks of paid vacation per year for each full employment and pro rata partial year. Vacation time not taken during a calendar is accrued the next This Amendment may be signed in any number of counterparts, each which shall an original, with the same effect as if all signatures were upon instrument. Signatures affixed manually or digitally and delivery executed counterpart signature pages to this by facsimile electronic means effective a Amendment.
This Agreement will not be effective with respect to the Company until satisfaction of following conditions subsequent: CEC and CAC shall have (a) reached agreement on terms of, executed delivered, Merger in form substance reasonably acceptable (b) obtained Sponsor Agreements Company, each case (b), by Outside Date. Any provision of this Guarantee which is for any reason prohibited or found held invalid unenforceable by court governmental agency shall be ineffective to the extent such prohibition invalidity unenforceability, without invalidating remaining provisions hereof in jurisdiction affecting validity enforceability other jurisdiction.
If the consideration proposed to be paid for ROFR Shares is in property, services or other non-cash consideration, fair market value of shall as determined good faith by Parent’s Board Directors and set forth Parent Notice. cannot any reason pay same form may cash equivalent thereof, The closing purchase Company take place, all payments from have been delivered selling Holder, (a) date that fifteen (15) days after delivery Notice if less than equal fifty million dollars ($50,000,000), (b) forty five (45) greater ($50,000,000). For avoidance doubt, purposes clauses preceding sentence specified accordance with this Section 3.3 .
The Corporation shall make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal, provincial and state securities laws; provided , however notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan this Agreement, not be obligated issue Common Shares pursuant Agreement if issuance thereof would result in a violation such law. Option exercisable exercise involve
Beattie agrees and acknowledges that he will not at any time make statement (orally or in writing) take action which, way, disparages the Company of its affiliates. The it shall not, instruct officers members Board to, disparage, criticize defame Beattie. Nothing this Section 7 prohibit Company, affiliates, other person entity from providing truthful accurate facts where required by lawfully compelled testimony; provided notifies advance such testimony cooperates with Company’s reasonable efforts respect to testimony, fullest extent permitted applicable law. This survive perpetuity.
The Company may hold an initial closing (“Initial Closing”) at any time after the receipt of accepted subscriptions from qualified investors prior to Termination Date. After Initial Closing, subsequent closings take place Date as determined by Company, with respect (each such closing, together being referred a “Closing”). last Closing Offering, occurring on or Date, shall be “Final Closing”. Any subscription documents funds received Final will returned, without interest deduction. In event that does not occur all amounts paid Subscriber returned Subscriber,
This Agreement, and the legal relations between parties, shall be governed by construed in accordance with laws of State Florida without regard to conflicts law doctrine. Use the proceeds of Term Loan for any purpose other than (a) to finance Acquisition and (b) pay Transaction Expenses. Such party, if an entity, has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver perform this Agreement consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. individual, legal capacity
If the Aggregate Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section, Administrative Agent and Borrower shall determine effective date (the “ Increase Effective Date ”) final allocation of such increase. The promptly notify Lenders increase Date. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Wisconsin.
Except as has not had and would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect expected, prevent ability of perform its obligations under this Agreement consummate Merger, (a) there is no Proceeding pending against, or, knowledge Company, threatened by against any Subsidiaries their respective assets properties, (b) are investigations inquiries Governmental Authorities malfeasance other Person for whom may liable. Effect, neither nor Subsidiary, Company’s Subsidiary’s property, subject outstanding Order.
Neither the execution of this Agreement, nor performance by TWH its obligations hereunder will violate or conflict with entry into under Agreement organizational documents, any applicable Law Order. Borrower shall execute and deliver such additional documents take action as may be reasonably requested by Agent to effectuate the provisions purposes of this Amendment.
EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT RELATING TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. No Incentive Stock Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from date its grant or such shorter period specified in Agreement; provided, however , that an granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder subject provisions Section 5(b).
The situs of this Agreement is Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, and for all purposes will be governed exclusively by construed enforced in accordance with the laws Courts prevailing Province Canada. This Forbearance Agreement shall become effective on the date which each of Borrower, Guarantors and Specified Lenders party hereto constituting Majority have executed delivered a copy hereof.
The Grantee acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach any provision this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as other Agreement, subsequent Grantee. Notwithstanding anything else in this Letter Agreement, should you die after becoming entitled to benefits under Agreement but before receipt of all which became then the payment such shall be made, on due date or dates hereunder had survived, executors administrators your estate.
The parties hereto intend and believe that each provision of this Note comports with all applicable local, state federal laws judicial decisions. However, if any or portion contained in is held by a court law to be invalid, illegal, unlawful, void unenforceable as written respect, then it the intent such shall given force fullest possible extent legal, valid enforceable, remainder construed was not therein, rights, obligations interests Maker Holder under continue full effect.
The Committee may amend, modify or terminate the Award and this Agreement without approval of Grantee; provided, however, that such amendment, modification termination shall not, Grantee’s consent, reduce diminish value determined as if it had been fully vested on date amendment termination. Notwithstanding anything herein to contrary, Company is authorized, amend interpret certificate extent necessary, any, comply with Section 409A Code Treasury regulations guidance respect law.
This Capital Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which together shall deemed an original, but all constitute and the same instrument. This Plan, each award hereunder and the related Agreement, all determinations made actions taken pursuant thereto, to extent not otherwise governed by Code or laws of United States, shall be Commonwealth Pennsylvania construed in accordance therewith without giving effect principles conflicts laws.
This Agreement may only be amended or modified by an instrument in writing signed each of the parties hereto. No failure delay on part either party to this exercise any power right, and no course dealing between hereto, shall operate as a waiver such nor single partial right preclude further other thereof right. Any provision Agreement, consent departure from terms hereof, effective specific instance for purpose which given. Nothing contained action hereto construed permit violation document her its rights under document.
(a) Interest (other than interest based on the Alternate Base Rate, Canadian Prime Rate or BA Rate) shall be calculated basis of a 360-day year for actual days elapsed; and commitment fees 365-day (or 366-day year, as case may be) elapsed. The Administrative Agent soon practicable notify Parent Borrower affected Lenders each determination Adjusted LIBOR Rate. Any change in rate Loan resulting from Statutory Reserves become effective opening business day which such becomes effective. date amount rate.
This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents constitute entire agreement among parties, supersedes cancels any all prior agreements them relating to subject matter hereof thereof ( provided , that Confidentiality shall survive in accordance with Section 5.3(b) ) may not be amended or modified except by a written signed parties.
Article X of the Separation Agreement is hereby incorporated into this mutatis mutandi. This Agreement supersedes all other oral and written agreements between the Parties with respect to matters contained in this and, except as otherwise provided herein, contains of covenants those matters. Neither this Agreement nor any rights of the parties hereto may be assigned or delegated to other Person.
Neither party may assign its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of other Party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld delayed; provided, however, that to Closing Date, Buyer may, Seller, all any portion under this Agreement an Affiliate so long as deliver at least seven (7) Business Days Closing, notice such assignment together with reasonable documentation evidencing fact assignee is Buyer. Notwithstanding foregoing, no by relieve hereunder, and permitted pursuant preceding sentence expressly assume Buyer’s liabilities a copy assumption provided Sellers. remain primarily liable in event it.
The Borrower and its Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries own, or are licensed to use, all Intellectual Property material the conduct of their businesses, use thereof by does not, knowledge Borrower, infringe upon, misappropriate otherwise violate rights any other Person, in each case except where failure own license Property, infringement on would aggregate, reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect.
During the Employment Period, Company shall pay to Executive a base salary (the “ Base Salary ”) at rate of no less than $500,000 per calendar year, applicable deductions. The be reviewed for increase by Board frequently annually and increased in discretion any such adjusted constitute “Base Salary” purposes this Agreement. paid substantially equal installments accordance with Company’s regular payroll procedures.
The Bank shall pay a golf club membership and monthly fees at country designated by Executive the Commonwealth Club in Richmond, Virginia, reimburse for reasonable expenses of outings with clients Bank. THIS AMENDMENT CONSTITUTES THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT AMONG PARTIES HERETO WITH RESPECT TO SUBJECT HEREOF. ALL PRIOR UNDERSTANDINGS, STATEMENTS AND AGREEMENTS, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, RELATING HEREOF ARE SUPERSEDED BY .
Each of the Guarantors hereby consents, acknowledges and agrees to amendments set forth herein confirms ratifies in all respects Collateral Documents which such Guarantor is a party Guaranty (including without limitation continuation each Guarantor’s payment performance obligations thereunder upon after effectiveness this Amendment contemplated hereby) enforceability against accordance with their respective terms inclusion principal, interest fees respect 2016 Domestic Term Loan Facility as “Obligations” under Credit Agreement.
The consolidated financial statements of the Company and related notes schedules thereto included in SEC Documents present fairly, all material respects, condition its Subsidiaries as dates thereof results operations, stockholders’ equity cash flows at for periods covered thereby. Such have been prepared accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied throughout involved (except otherwise noted therein) adjustments necessary a fair presentation such made; provided , however that unaudited are subject to normal year-end audit (which not expected be material) do contain footnotes required under principles.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of Commonwealth Massachusetts, without reference to its conflict-of-laws principles. The Company shall pay to Employee a Base Salary at the rate of $450,000.00 per annum through expiration term, payable bi-weekly as normal practices Company. Such be subject increase based upon review by Compensation Committee (the “Committee”) from time time.
The Company shall use the proceeds from sale of Securities hereunder as reflected on Schedule 4.7 and not such proceeds: (a) for satisfaction any portion Company’s debt other than Notes, trade accounts payable expenses incurred in ordinary course business, (b) redemption Common Stock or Equivalents, (c) settlement outstanding litigation (d) violation FCPA OFAC regulations.
If the Executive shall die during Term, Term and this Agreement terminate no further amounts or benefits be payable hereunder, other than (i) for accrued, but unpaid, Base Salary as of date Executive’s death; (ii) pursuant to life insurance provided under Section 3.5; (iii) extent expressly required terms Company’s compensation benefit plans policies in effect on death.
(a) The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, at the expense Borrower, make, execute, endorse, acknowledge, file and/or use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver Collateral Agent from time such schedules, confirmatory assignments, financing statements, transfer endorsements, certificates, reports, landlord waivers, flood zone determinations, insurance related borrower notices, other assurances or instruments take further steps relating covered by any Security Documents as may reasonably require are generally consistent with terms this Agreement necessary effectuate intent said agreements.
The Executive covenants and agrees that, while he is employed by the Company, after his Termination Date, shall not make any false, defamatory or disparaging statements about its affiliates, officers directors of Company affiliates that are reasonably likely to cause material damage affiliates. While agrees, on behalf itself neither nor in their external communications Executive. Nothing this paragraph 12 preclude from making truthful required applicable law, regulation legal process.
Except for the Disclosed Matters, there is no action, suit or proceeding pending against, to knowledge of Borrower threatened against affecting, any its Restricted Subsidiaries before arbitrator Governmental Authority, that (i) could reasonably be expected, individually in aggregate, result a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) which would material respect draw into question enforceability Financing Documents.
The parties may sign any number of copies this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all them together represent the same agreement. The Company shall use the proceeds from sale of Securities to pay amounts required under Acquisition Agreement, repay indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
All of the restrictive covenants contained in this Section 13 shall be binding on assigns, executors, administrators and other legal representatives Executive, survive termination Agreement Executive’s employment. Upon the admission of a Substituted Limited Partner, General Partner shall amend and restate Exhibit A hereto to reflect name, address, Capital Account, number Partnership Units, Percentage Interest such eliminate or adjust, if necessary, Account predecessor Partner.
Terms used in this Agreement for which meanings are provided the UCC of State New York shall have such unless a different meaning is given to terms Agreement. No Event of Default or event that, with the giving notice, passage time, both, would be an Default, has occurred. There is no action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding affecting any Borrower pending or, to such Borrower’s knowledge, threatened before court, governmental agency arbitrator that purports affect the legality, validity enforceability of Loan Document other transactions contemplated by Documents.
This Consent may be executed in any number of counterparts, and by the parties hereto on same or separate each such counterpart, when delivered, shall deemed to an original, but all counterparts together constitute one Consent. Delivery counterpart this facsimile other electronic transmission (including a ".pdf" file) equally effective as delivery original
Executive agrees that during the Employment Period and thereafter, will not make any statement, publicly or privately, to individual entity, including, without limitation, clients, customers, employees, financial credit institutions, which could reasonably be expected disparage Company, of its affiliates their respective officers directors. This Agreement shall be freely assignable by Company to and inure the benefit of, binding upon, Company, its affiliates, successors assigns and/or any other entity which succeed business presently being conducted Company. Being a contract for personal services, neither this nor rights hereunder assigned Employee.
The business and operations of the Acquiror Company have been are being conducted in accordance with all applicable Laws Orders. has not received notice any violation (or Proceeding involving an allegation violation) Law or Order by affecting and, to knowledge Company, no is threatened contemplated. subject obligation restriction kind character, nor there, event circumstance relating that materially adversely affects way its business, properties, assets prospects prohibits from entering into this Agreement would prevent make burdensome performance compliance part consummation transactions contemplated hereby.
The Agreement is awarded pursuant to and subject all of the provisions Plan, including amendments if any. In event a conflict between these Terms Conditions Plan provisions, will control. terms “ you ” your refer Participant named in Agreement. Capitalized that are not defined herein have meanings ascribed such or Company’s rights under may be assigned by Company.
Section 20.6 is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following. This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of State California . The Board has determined that it is in the best interests of Company and its shareholders to provide enhanced severance protections Executives following a Change Control subject certain terms conditions Agreement which can be found Schedule II.
Employee shall be entitled to 4 weeks paid vacation on an annual basis in accordance with the Company’s policies, as may established from time by Company for its employees, which taken at such or times mutually agreed upon Parties. The not carry forward any accrued but untaken entitlement a subsequent holiday year.
The proceeds of the Loans shall be used to (a) refinance Existing Credit Facility, (b) pay fees and expenses in connection with transactions contemplated hereby (c) fund working capital general corporate purposes Borrower its Subsidiaries. The terms and provisions contained herein shall constitute the entire agreement between Parties with respect to Executive’s employment Company during time period covered by this Agreement. This Agreement replaces supersedes any all existing agreements entered into Executive relating generally same subject matter including prior dated February 19, 2014.
The Company shall have the right to satisfy any obligation of withhold taxes or other amounts with respect Stock Units by withholding Shares otherwise deliverable Employee having a Fair Market Value equal statutory minimum amount such tax withholdings. Furthermore, may elect deduct from cash payment made pursuant this Agreement which is will be required payment.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have filed all federal, state, local foreign tax returns which been required to be paid taxes shown thereon through the date hereof, extent that such become due are not being contested in good faith, except where failure so file or pay would a Material Adverse Effect. Except as otherwise disclosed contemplated by Registration Statement Prospectus, no deficiency has determined adversely any had, reasonably expected have, individually aggregate, knowledge state other governmental deficiency, penalty assessment might asserted threatened against it
In the event that Employee’s employment and/or Employment Term ends on account of Disability, Company shall pay or provide Employee with Accrued Benefits, Prior Year Bonus, and Pro-Rata Bonus. The Bonus be payable in a single lump sum date which annual bonuses are paid to Company’s senior executives generally for such calendar year, but no later than March 15 year following termination occurs.
This Agreement may contain more than one counterpart of the signature page and this be executed by affixing signatures each Members, which delivered via facsimile or .pdf, to such pages. All pages shall read as though one, they have same force effect all signers had signed a single page. The Borrower agree to reimburse each Secured Debt Representative for its reasonable out of pocket expenses in connection with this Priority Confirmation Joinder, including the fees, other charges and disbursements counsel.
The Board of Managers shall have the authority to execute and record any all documents required in connection with dissolution, winding up Termination Company. The Company shall use the proceeds of this Note for research and development other general corporate purposes. All payments to the Executive under this Agreement will be subject all applicable withholding of taxes.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between parties with respect to subject matter hereof and supersedes Existing Employment any all other prior agreements, promises, understandings representations regarding Executive’s employment, compensation, severance or payments contingent upon termination of whether written otherwise. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement reached by Parties. supersedes all prior representations, statements, proposals, negotiations, discussions, and understandings regarding same subject matter. is an integrated agreement. may not be modified or amended except in a writing signed of Parties hereto expressly referencing this Agreement.
The Company will maintain and preserve, except as permitted by Section 10.3 , cause each other Borrower to its respective existence good standing under the laws of state jurisdiction, a corporation or form business organization, case may be, all rights, privileges, licenses, patents, patent copyrights, trademarks, trade names, franchises authority extent material necessary for conduct their businesses in ordinary course conducted from time time.
This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed to an original but all together will constitute and the same instrument. (a) Unless previously terminated, the Revolving Commitments shall terminate on Maturity Date and (b) Term Loan following funding of Borrowings made Closing as provided in Section 2.01(b).
Except for any notice required under applicable law to be given in another manner, this Agreement shall the manner stipulated by Section 9.01 of Credit Agreement. Each Pledgor irrevocably designates Borrower as agent such purpose receiving notices from Administrative Agent or Secured Party pursuant and agrees that effective if a
The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and do not constitute a part shall be deemed to limit, characterize, or any way affect provision Agreement, all provisions enforced construed as if no had been Agreement. Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of annual vacation leave for each Fiscal Year during which is employed (prorated Executive’s initial year, if not a full year). Such administered in accordance with the Company’s policy.
No delay or failure on the part of Lender any holder Note in exercise right, power privilege granted under this Loan Agreement, other Document, available at law equity, shall impair such be construed as a waiver Event Default acquiescence therein. single partial preclude further privilege. valid against unless made writing and signed by Lender, then only to extent expressly specified
Each of the Parties acknowledge and agree that irreparable injury to other Party would occur in event any provisions this Agreement were not performed accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached such be adequately compensable by remedies available at law (including payment money damages). It is accordingly agreed Engine, on one hand, Company, hand (the “ Moving ”), will each entitled enforcement of, injunctive relief prevent violation hereof, take action, directly indirectly, opposition seeking grounds remedy equity. This Section 10 exclusive for Agreement.
As of the date this Agreement, set forth on Schedule 3.16 is a summary all insurance policies maintained by Holdings and its Subsidiaries (a) with respect to properties material businesses against such casualties contingencies types in amounts as are customary case similar operating same or locations, (b) required be pursuant Security Documents. All financially sound responsible companies.
Regardless of any action the Company or Subsidiary takes with respect to all income tax, social security, payroll payment on account other tax-related withholding (“Tax”) that Recipient is required bear pursuant applicable laws, hereby acknowledges and agrees ultimate liability for Tax remains responsibility Recipient. THIS AMENDMENT, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT RELATING TO THE RIGHTS DUTIES PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE CONSTRUED DETERMINED ACCORDANCE WITH GOVERNED BY INTERNAL LAWS STATE ILLINOIS.
Aquarius, constituting the Certificate Majority, does hereby (i) consent to, approve, and authorize in all respects issuance of New Securities Qualified Financing any Interim Preferred Financing, each case including, but not limited for purposes (a) Sections 3(d) 4 Designation (b) applicable provisions Delaware General Corporation Law, (ii) waive application Section 7(b) with respect to Common Stock, Stock Equivalents, and/or Financing.
Each party hereto shall jointly and severally indemnify hold harmless the other such party's agents, beneficiaries, affiliates, representatives their respective successors assigns (collectively, "Indemnified Persons") from against any all damages, losses, liabilities, taxes costs expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees costs) "Losses") resulting directly or indirectly (a) inaccuracy, misrepresentation, breach of warranty non­fulfillment representations warranties in this Agreement, actions, omissions statements fact inconsistent with material respect representation warranty, (b) failure by to perform comply agreement, covenant obligation Agreement.
No Borrower or Former will disclose the contents of this Agreement, Credit Agreement any other Financing Documents to third party (including, without limitation, financial institution intermediary) Agent’s prior written consent, than Borrowers’ and officers advisors on a need-to-know basis as otherwise may be required by Law, including court regulatory agency having jurisdiction over such Borrower. Each agrees inform all persons who receive information concerning that is confidential not disclosed person except
THIS CONTRACT SHALL BE CONSTRUED UNDER AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF STATE TEXAS. ALL OBLIGATIONS CONTAINED ARE PERFORMABLE BEXAR COUNTY, All communications and notices hereunder shall be in writing given as provided Section 8.11 of the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement. to New Grantor it at address set forth under its signature hereto, which information supplements
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue until first to occur (a) closing transactions contemplated by Merger (the “ Closing ”), (b) date Holder’s Qualifying Termination (as defined below), provided such occurs prior or (c) lapse Transfer Restrictions set forth herein with respect all shares Company’s common stock Shares ”) issued Holder upon accelerated vesting Unvested Equity Awards. Following expiration Agreement, Restrictions, if any, no longer apply.
The parties agree that this Assignment may be executed by the in one or more counterparts and each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute same instrument. No condition or event shall exist have occurred at as of the date such Advance which would constitute a Default Event hereunder.
This Agreement has been made and entered into in the State of California shall be construed accordance with laws without giving effect to principles conflicts law thereof. The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Agent an Assignment Assumption, together with a processing recordation fee of $3,500; provided that may, in its sole discretion, elect waive such case any assignment. Assignee, if it not be Lender, Administrative Questionnaire.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of parties hereto their respective heirs, legatees, assigns transferees, as case may be. The provisions of this Section 9 shall survive the termination Agreement. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL IN ALL RESPECTS BE CONSTRUED ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF STATE NEW YORK, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CHOICE LAW RULES.
Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of paid vacation during each calendar year the Term, which period his Salary in full. take at such time or times as and Corporation determine is mutually convenient. It expected that for will taken unused not rollover subsequent years. In the event any provision of this Plan is held illegal or invalid for reason, illegality invalidity will not affect remaining parts Plan, and be construed enforced as if had been included.
During the Term of Employment, Executive shall be reimbursed for reasonable travel and other expenses incurred or paid by in connection with performance his services under this Agreement, upon presentation expense statements vouchers such supporting information as may from time to requested Company, accordance policies Company are effect Commencement Date modified time, terms applicable officers Executive’s rank employed NBTB, NBT Bank, their affiliates. All reimbursements Agreement made on prior last day taxable year following which were (provided that if any constitute income Executive, no later than March 15 th calendar incurred), reimbursement eligible way affect year.
Buyer may at any time send Sellers a notice showing the calculation of amounts payable pursuant to this Article 12 , and shall pay such within period stated in applicable provision or if no is stated, ten (10) Business Days after receives notice. Each Party’s obligations under survive assignment rights by, replacement Buyer, termination Transactions repayment, satisfaction discharge all Repurchase Document.
The Executive will perform such duties and services for the Company as may be designated from time to by Board of Directors (the “Board”) Chief Officer Company. agrees serve faithfully best his ability under direction carry out functions typically performed a Financial Officer. further in accordance with general fiduciary officers directors arising Delaware General Corporation Law. is expected required devote substantially all attention during normal business hours affairs and/or its subsidiaries.
This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of Parties relating to subject matter hereof and, except as otherwise provided herein, supersedes all prior discussions, agreements, understandings every kind nature between hereto neither Party shall be bound by any term or condition other than expressly set for in this Agreement. Effective date hereof, Prior is hereby terminated satisfies entitlements Agreement; provided, however, that Section 7 16 remain full force effect.
The laws of the State Colorado govern this Agreement without regard to conflict principles. Employee and Company each hereby consents personal jurisdiction state courts located in City County Denver, Colorado, federal district court sitting if that otherwise possesses over matter, for any legal proceeding concerning Employee’s employment or termination employment, arising from related other agreement executed between Company. Should an action be brought enforce terms Agreement, prevailing party shall entitled recover reasonable attorneys’ fees costs incurred prosecuting action.
Upon the date of issuance or increase a Letter Credit, Issuing Lender shall be deemed to have sold each other and been purchased from participation in related Credit Obligations equal such Lender’s Revolving Pro Rata Share at sale purchase otherwise accordance with terms this Agreement. The promptly notify participant by facsimile, telephone, electronic mail (PDF) issued increased actual dollar amount Credit.
This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute one and the same instrument . Counterparts delivered via facsimile, electronic mail other transmission method any counterpart so to have been duly validly valid effective for purposes. The Parties hereby irrevocably waive any and all right to trial by jury in legal proceeding arising out of or related this Agreement.
The Parent will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations orders any Governmental Authority (including without limitation Environmental Laws), agreements other contractual instruments, applicable to it or property, in case except where the failure do so, individually aggregate, could not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect. maintain effect enforce policies procedures designed ensure compliance by Parent, their respective directors, officers, employees agents Anti-Corruption Laws Sanctions.
Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or herein, this Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to laws of State Georgia, without regard conflict provisions any state, accordance with applicable federal United States. The Company Participant agree that dispute arising from resolved only a state court sitting Fulton County, which have exclusive jurisdiction over such dispute. consent personal waive objection venue court.
Seller has delivered to TJC the financial statements for Subject Franchises as of and calendar years 2013 2014 first six (6) months 2015 (collectively, “ Financial Statements ”). The fairly present will position results operations periods presented are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, applied on a consistent basis.
Grantor warrants and agrees that each of the waivers consents set forth herein are made after consultation with legal counsel full knowledge their significance consequences, understanding events giving rise to any defense or right waived may diminish, destroy otherwise adversely affect rights which have against other Person, Secured Party others, Collateral, that, under circumstances, given reasonable not contrary public policy Law. If determined be applicable Law policy, such shall effective maximum extent permitted by
The Board shall have complete power and authority to amend the Plan at any time; provided, however, that not, without requisite affirmative approval of stockholders Company, make amendment which requires stockholder under Code or other applicable law rule stock exchange lists Common Stock Company Voting Securities. No termination may, consent Participant whom Award theretofore been granted Plan, adversely affect right such individual Award.
Optionee expressly agrees that the Company will be irreparably damaged if provisions of this Option Agreement and Plan are not specifically enforced. Upon a breach or threatened terms, covenants and/or conditions by Optionee, will, in addition to all other remedies, entitled temporary permanent injunction, without showing any actual damage, decree for specific performance, accordance with hereof thereof. The Administrator has power determine what constitutes Plan. Administrator’s determinations final conclusive binding upon Optionee.
Executive understands and agrees that as of the Transition Period Commencement Date he shall not make any false, disparaging or derogatory statements to media outlet, industry group, financial institution current former employee, consultant, client, customer Company other person entity regarding its directors, officers, employees, agents representatives about Company’s business affairs condition. The refrain from making Executive. obligations under this paragraph extend only executive officers members Board Directors for so long each officer member is an employee director Company.
Articles IV, VI and VIII Sections 3.7, 5.3, 5.4, 5.5, 7.5, 9.1, 9.2, 9.4, 9.9, 9.10 9.12 hereof (and related definitions) shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason. In addition, other provision required to interpret enforce Parties’ rights obligations under also survive, but only extent observation performance aforementioned surviving portions Agreement.
The Company has been duly incorporated, is validly existing and in good standing as a corporation under the laws of State Delaware qualified to do business foreign all other jurisdictions which its ownership or lease property conduct businesses requires such qualification, except where failure be so would not, individually aggregate, reasonably expected have material adverse effect on condition (financial otherwise), results operations, properties, prospects taken whole (a “ Material Adverse Effect ”). power authority necessary own hold properties it engaged described SEC Documents. does not control, directly indirectly, any corporation, association entity than subsidiaries listed Schedule C hereto (“ Subsidiaries
The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all material laws, rules, regulations orders any Governmental Authority applicable to it or property, except where the failure do so, individually in aggregate, could not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect. maintain effect enforce policies procedures designed ensure compliance respects by Borrower, their respective directors, officers, employees agents Anti-Corruption Laws Sanctions.
As of the date hereof, you will serve as Chief Financial Officer (or such other position may be assigned by President Company (the “ ”), Executive (“ CEO ”) or Board Directors ”)). You have duties and authority determined from time to President, Board. While employed Company, devote your full business best efforts performance hereunder affairs not engage in any business, profession occupation for compensation otherwise which would conflict interfere with rendition services without Board’s prior written consent. expected primarily work Company’s office Indianapolis, IN.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder may be assigned (other than by operation law), in whole part, a party without prior written consent other party. Each Borrower will use the proceeds of Loans only as provided in Section 8.08 . This Consent shall be a contract made under and governed by the internal laws of State New York. The choice law venue jury trial waiver provisions set forth in Section 12 Credit Agreement are incorporated herein reference apply all respects to this Consent.
Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in Agreement of Definitions, dated as September 21, 2016, by and among Issuing Entity, NILT Trust, a Delaware statutory trust, grantor initial beneficiary (in such capacity, “Grantor” “UTI Beneficiary,” respectively), Nissan-Infiniti LT, trust (the “ Titling Trust ”), Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation, California corporation (“ NMAC its individual servicer administrative agent Servicer ” Administrative Agent ,” NALL II, NILT, Inc., corporation, trustee to Trustee Wilmington Owner Trustee, Company, with powers, U.S. Bank National Association, national banking association Bank, indenture Indenture ”).
All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement the obligations hereunder shall be paid by party incurring such expenses, whether or not transactions contemplated Merger are consummated. The Company has employed Employee, and the hereby continues to employ Employee accepts such employment upon terms conditions set forth in this Agreement.
Promptly upon any officer of Borrower obtaining knowledge condition or event that constitutes an Event Default, shall notify Lender such Default. Subject to Section 5.13 of the Notes Collateral Agreement, upon Termination Date, security interest granted herein shall terminate and Agent execute, acknowledge, deliver Grantors all instruments in writing recordable form evidence release collateral pledge, grant, assignment, lien Patent under this Agreement.
If, in any jurisdiction, provision of this Agreement or its application to Party circumstance is restricted, prohibited unenforceable, such shall, as be ineffective only the extent restriction, prohibition unenforceability without invalidating remaining provisions and affecting validity enforceability other jurisdiction circumstances. The Executive will be entitled to the number of weeks vacation each fiscal year equal that other executive officers DeVry Group.
This Agreement, the 299 Investment Acquisition Agreement and Confidentiality Agreements shall constitute entire understanding among parties with respect to subject matter hereof, superseding all negotiations, prior discussions agreements understandings relating such matter, whether oral or written. Each Member hereto shall bear its own expenses, including the fees of any attorneys, accountants, investment bankers or others engaged by such Member, incurred in connection with this Agreement and transactions contemplated hereby except as otherwise expressly provided herein.
Subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions set forth in Section 7, (the “ Closing ”), with respect transaction contemplated 2 hereof, shall take place at offices Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C., One Financial Center, Boston, Massachusetts 02111. The date time Date ”) be 10:00 a.m., New York on January 13, 2016 or such other as Company Investors may agree, including remotely via exchange documents signatures.
This Agreement sets forth an agreement between the Company and Dr. Mark Hochman only with respect to consulting services be provided that is herein specified supersedes any other oral or written understanding relating services. does not set represent which have been previously agreed upon in “TECHNOLOGY SALE AGREEMENT” executed dated on 1 st day of January, 2005 Milestone Scientific Inc. Claudia Hochman.
(i) Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all applicable laws, rules, regulations orders, such compliance include, without limitation, ERISA Environmental Laws, except the extent that failure so comply would not be reasonably likely have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) maintain in effect enforce policies procedures designed ensure by Loan Party, their respective directors, officers, employees agents Anti-Corruption Laws Sanctions.
Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants that (a) it has the requisite power authority to execute, deliver perform this First Amendment, (b) is duly authorized to, been by all necessary action, (c) representations warranties contained in Article IV of Agreement applicable such are true correct material respects (and, extent any qualified materiality their own right, shall be respects) on as date hereof though made (except for those which expressly relate an earlier date) (d) no Default or Event exists under after giving effect amendments herein.
Debtor shall pay all reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees) in connection with (a) the drafting execution of Loan Documents transactions contemplated therein, (b) any action required course administration indebtedness obligations evidenced by Documents, (c) enforcement Lender’s rights upon occurrence an Event Default. This Agreement shall be binding upon each Borrower, the Banks and Agent their respective successors permitted assigns, inure to benefit of assigns Banks. No Borrower assign its rights or duties hereunder without written consent
Neither this Agreement nor any right, remedy, obligation liability arising hereunder or by reason hereof shall be assignable Party without the prior written consent of other Party, and attempt to assign such void, except (i) an assignment, in case a merger consolidation where is not surviving entity, sale substantially all its assets, entity which survivor purchaser sale; (ii) assignment Holder Affiliate Transferee accordance with terms hereof.
The RSUs shall become vested on the dates set forth final page of this Agreement, subject to Participant’s continued employment with CEC or one its Subsidiaries (except as otherwise provided herein in Employment Agreement). Upon vesting and settlement, no longer be transfer restrictions pursuant Section 7(a) hereof. If Agreement is terminated 8 thereof, then that are unvested date such termination, immediately forfeited canceled. Subject any 4(b), if and/or thereunder (i) 7.1 Participant entitled year additional accordance extent by 5.1 satisfaction “Release Condition” defined (ii) 9 (iii) 10 Release Condition.
If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, incapable being enforced by law public policy, all terms provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic legal substance transactions contemplated hereby not affected manner materially adverse to Party. Upon such determination that enforced, Parties hereto negotiate good faith modify original intent closely possible an acceptable order are consummated originally greatest extent possible.
All notices, demands, requests, consents or other communications required permitted to be given made under this Agreement must in writing and signed by the party giving same are deemed (a) two (2) days after being mailed certified registered mail, postage prepaid, (b) when transmitted via facsimile, graphic scanning telegraphic communication, (c) hand delivered, (d) one (1) day sent overnight delivery service, each case intended recipient as indicated on Exhibit A any address of which prior written notice has been given.
The Committee shall develop a reasonable claims procedure. DanDrit does not own any capital stock or have interest of kind whatsoever in corporation, partnership, other form business organization, except for the ownership its 97%-owned subsidiary Biotech A/S. The termination of Consultant’s engagement hereunder shall not affect the enforceability Sections 6 or 7.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower Administrative Agent, sell participations to Person (other than a Defaulting natural person of Borrower’s Affiliates Subsidiaries) (each, “ Participant ”) in all portion such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitment Loans L/C Obligations) owing it); provided that (i) shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto for performance and (iii) Borrower, Lenders Issuers continue deal directly with connection Agreement.
Beginning on the Effective Date, Company agrees to pay Executive a base salary at annual rate of Two Hundred Ninety-five Thousand Dollars ($295,000). All salary, bonus, or other compensation payable shall be subject customary withholding, FICA, medical and tax employment taxes deductions as required by federal, state local law with respect paid an employer employee. The Board Directors any committees thereof perform review Executive’s based performance his duties Company’s policies.
Except as set forth on Section 4.10 of the Company Disclosure Schedules, there are no Actions pending or, to Knowledge Company, threatened against or involving any its Subsidiaries Owned Real Property, whether at law in equity, civil criminal nature, by before arbitrator, Governmental Authority other Person, nor, investigations relating Property Person. Schedules sets each Order which is subject, and compliance all material respects with such Order.
Except as to matters of federal law and the provisions Section II hereof, this Agreement shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, laws State Delaware without regard its conflict rules. The compensation and benefits specified in this Section 3 5 of Agreement shall be lieu any all other benefits. Payment to Executive (i) made accordance with the relevant Company policies effect from time extent same are consistently applied, including normal payroll practices, (ii) subject legally required customary withholdings.
Each Lender agrees that (i) any action taken by the Agent or Required Lenders (or, if expressly required hereby, a greater proportion of Lenders) in accordance with provisions Loan Documents, (ii) such reliance upon instructions where so required, proportion) and (iii) exercise powers set forth herein therein, together other as are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized binding all Secured Parties.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision this Agreement shall not affect the validity enforceability other Agreement, which remain in full force and effect. This may be executed several counterparts, each deemed to an original but all together will constitute one same instrument. The representations and warranties made in this Agreement by WPPI CWI shall not merge into any instrument delivered at the Closing but survive for a period of twelve (12) months (the “Survival Period”).
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Administrative Agent an Assignment Assumption, together with a processing recordation fee of $3,500 documentation in accordance Section 2.16(f); provided that (A)only one (1) such be payable respect simultaneous assignments by Lender its Approved Funds) (B) may, sole discretion, elect waive case any assignment. assignee, if it is not Lender, Questionnaire.
This Agreement may be executed in as many counterparts necessary or convenient, and by the different parties on separate each of which, when so executed, shall deemed an original but all such constitute one same agreement. Delivery counterpart this (or any agreement document required amendment to Agreement) telecopy other electronic imaging means effective delivery a manually provided, however, that image promptly followed if Bank.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by facsimile signature, each of which will deemed to an original copy this and all which, when taken together, constitute the same agreement. The Servicer will deliver each notice or certificate received by it delivered under the Servicing Agreement relating to this Supplement 2016-A Reference Pool Issuer, Indenture Trustee and Administrator within five Business Days of receipt delivery Servicer.
Promptly after an Authorized Officer of the Borrower obtains actual knowledge thereof, notice (i) occurrence any event that constitutes a Default or Event Default, which shall specify nature period existence thereof and what action proposes to take with respect thereto (ii) litigation governmental proceeding pending against Subsidiaries for it would reasonably be expected adverse determination is probable, such result in Material Adverse Effect.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement (including the Waiver and General Release) is held by a court competent jurisdiction other tribunal to be invalid, void unenforceable, remainder terms, provisions, covenants restrictions shall remain in full force effect no way affected, impaired invalidated. On and as of the Closing Date, Borrower has no Subsidiaries.
Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce any L/C Issuer’s Fronting Exposure or other obligations shall be released promptly following, and extent of, (i) elimination reduction of applicable giving rise thereto (including by termination Defaulting Lender status (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi)), (ii) Administrative Agent’s good faith determination that there exists excess Collateral; that, subject 2.15 Person providing Issuer Swing Line Lender, applicable, may agree held support future anticipated obligations.
All federal, state and other material tax returns of the Parent, Borrower, each Loan Party Subsidiary required by Applicable Law to be filed have been duly filed, all taxes, assessments governmental charges or levies upon, Party, their respective properties, income, profits assets which are due payable until such paid, except any nonpayment non-filing is at time permitted under Section 8.6. As Agreement Date, no (or its Subsidiaries) has notified that United States income audit. charges, accruals reserves on books Parties Subsidiaries in respect taxes accordance with GAAP.
All representations and warranties made hereunder in any other Loan Document or document delivered pursuant hereto thereto connection herewith therewith shall survive the execution delivery hereof thereof. Such have been will be relied upon by Administrative Agent each Lender, regardless of investigation Lender on their behalf notwithstanding that may had notice knowledge Default at time Credit Extension, continue full force effect until satisfaction Termination Conditions.
The Company or an Affiliate, as applicable, shall have the power and right to deduct, withhold collect any amount required by law regulation be withheld with respect taxable event arising Award granted under Plan. Section 10.12 of the Credit Agreement is incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis , as if a part hereof.
At all times prior to the Closing Date or earlier termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, Debtors and Backstop Participants shall consult each other issuing any press releases (and provide a reasonable opportunity review comment upon such release) otherwise making public announcements respect transactions contemplated by Agreement. No Party issue release make statement consultation, except extent disclosing determines it is required do so applicable Law, which case use efforts (or Parties) before statement.
From the Effective Date, Executive will be entitled to receive a base salary (“ Base Salary” ) at rate of US$550,000 per annum, payable in accordance with Company’s payroll practices and applicable law. If Salary annum paid is increased during Term Employment, such thereafter constitute for all purposes this Agreement. not decreased Employment without mutual consent Company.
Lessee shall reimburse Lessor for Lessor’s reasonable costs and expenses incurred in conjunction with the processing documentation of any Transfer, including attorneys’, architects’, engineers’ or other consultants’ fees whether not such Transfer is actually consummated. In addition to the defined terms set forth throughout this Employment Agreement, capitalized on Appendix B shall have respective meanings thereon and are incorporated by reference into Agreement.
At the Closing, Company shall reimburse Buyer in an amount not to exceed $3,000.00 for expenses incurred by them connection with negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement other agreements be executed herewith ("Documents"), including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' consultants' fees expenses, transfer agent fees, stock quotation services, relating any amendments or modifications Documents consents waivers provisions Documents, preparation opinions counsel, escrow costs restructuring transactions contemplated Documents. The Company's obligation Buyer's respect transaction limited above identified $3,000.00, which such withheld from proceeds paid upon closing transaction.
Any notices to be given hereunder by either party the other may effected personal delivery in writing or mail, registered certified, postage prepaid, with return receipt requested. Airborne Global and each Provider agrees to cooperate as reasonably requested at their respective expense with Amazon loss prevention investigative personnel in the conduct of investigations preparation reports related loss, damage, fraud, shrinkage, mis-delivery, theft other matters mutual concern.
All communications and notices hereunder (including to the Collateral Agent) shall (except as otherwise permitted or provided herein) be in writing given Section 10.01 of Term Loan Agreement. any Subsidiary Party it care Company, with such notice Any other communication deemed made at time set forth party hereto may change its details by parties hereto.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, each party hereto shall bear its own costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred in connection with this Agreement the Transactions. This Amendment shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the rules of construction set forth Sections 1.02 , 1.03 1.04 1.08 Credit Agreement.
This Agreement may not be assigned by the Company (whether operation of law or otherwise) without prior written consent Required Stockholders, provided, however, that in event is a party to merger, consolidation, share exchange similar business combination transaction which Common Stock converted into equity securities another Person, from and after effective time such transaction, Person shall, virtue deemed have assumed obligations hereunder, term “Company” shall refer “Registrable Securities” include received Stockholders connection with unless are otherwise freely tradable giving effect transaction.
This Agreement contains the complete understanding between Parties as to subject matter contained herein, and no other promises or agreements shall be binding unless signed by both an authorized representative of Employer Employee. In signing this Agreement, are not relying on any fact, statement, assumption set forth in Agreement. The effective date of your new position will be July 21, 2015.
The Notes, including this Note, may be amended, modified, or supplemented, and waivers consents to departures from the provisions thereof given, if Maker holders of an aggregate majority Principal Amount Notes then outstanding consent amendment; provided, however, that no term Note amended waived in such a way as adversely affect Holder disproportionately holder any other without written neither principal balance nor interest rate modified Holder. Such not effected orally, but only by signed statement writing. Any amendment waiver shall apply binding upon each future Maker, whether have been marked indicate waiver. No extend obligation expressly impair right consequent thereon.
In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in form of cash, stock, property), recapitalization, forward reverse split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination, repurchase, share exchange, liquidation, dissolution similar corporate transaction affects Company’s common stock prior to date shares are issued pursuant LTIP such a substitution adjustment is determined by Committee be appropriate order prevent dilution enlargement rights Executive under LTIP, then shall, manner as it may deem equitable, adjust Target LTIP. For avoidance doubt, no adjustments shall made result regular cash (or lieu dividend).
You will be eligible to participate in the Company’s employee benefits plans and programs generally available similarly situated employees at Company, subject eligibility requirements, terms conditions of such programs. agree, however, that you continue contribute cost your group health coverage on same basis as were contributing prior this Letter Agreement becoming effective.
Except in the case of Mandatory Forum Selection Clause Section 5.4 above, which clause shall be governed and interpreted accordance with Florida law, this Agreement delivered accepted deemed to a contract made under by internal laws State Nevada, for all purposes construed such State, without giving effect choice law provisions State.
Unless otherwise defined herein or the context requires, terms used in this First Amendment, including its preamble and recitals , have meanings provided Loan Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement and the documents attached as exhibits hereto contain entire agreement among Parties with respect to subject transactions contemplated thereby supersede all prior oral written agreements memoranda undertakings regard such matter. Each Party hereby acknowledges that any rights under shareholders are waived relinquished.
The " Term of this Master Lease is the Initial plus all Renewal Terms, to extent exercised. initial term (the ") shall commence on November 1, 2013 Commencement Date and end October 31, 2028, subject renewal as set forth in Section 1.4 below. Owner and Manager shall use their respective commercially reasonable efforts to prevent any liens from being filed against the Property as result of maintenance, repairs, alterations, improvements, renewals or replacements in, Property. Both Parties cooperate fully in obtaining release such liens.
EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF COURTS STATE NEW YORK SITTING IN COUNTY UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN YORK, ANY APPELLATE FROM THEREOF, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT RELATING THIS AGREEMENT OTHER DOCUMENT, RECOGNITION ENFORCEMENT JUDGMENT, PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS RESPECT SUCH MAY BE HEARD DETERMINED OR, FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FEDERAL COURT. A FINAL JUDGMENT SHALL CONCLUSIVE ENFORCED JURISDICTIONS SUIT ON MANNER PROVIDED LAW. NOTHING DOCUMENT AFFECT RIGHT ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, LENDER L/C ISSUER OTHERWISE HAVE BRING AGAINST BORROWER PROPERTIES JURISDICTION.
The Award Notice to which this Agreement is a part may be executed in multiple counterparts, including by electronic or facsimile signature, each of shall deemed original but all together constitute one and the same instrument. Invoices shall be sent in accordance with Section 26. The December 31, 2015 financial statements of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries heretofore delivered to Lenders were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles effect on date such fairly present condition at results their operations for period then ended.
At the end of Term or any early expiration this Lease, Lessee agrees to cooperate with Lessor in transfer financial responsibility and operations Facility a new operator operators, including good faith negotiation, execution, delivery such agreements, assignment agreements bills sale as are reasonably necessary effect transfer. In conjunction cooperation, shall take all action useful effecting Lessor’s nominee certificate need license from Alabama Department Public Health other governmental authority regulating use service contracts, which, either case, may be operation by for Primary Intended Use.
(a) (i) The fair value of the assets Holdings , Borrower and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, at valuation, will exceed debts liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, basis respectively ; (ii) present saleable property be greater than amount that required to pay probable liability respectively, their other as such liabilities become absolute matured; (iii) able (iv) not have unreasonably small capital with which conduct businesses in they are engaged now conducted proposed conducted.
This Agreement shall be deemed to effective as of the date when this has been signed by Indemnitee and an authorized officer or director Company. The Executive agrees and covenants that he will not at any time make, publish or communicate to person entity in public forum defamatory disparaging remarks, comments statements concerning the Company its businesses, of employees, officers.
Any required notices hereunder shall be given in writing and sent by facsimile or priority mail to the address of each Party below, such other as either may substitute written notice. Unless otherwise indicated herein, Capitalized terms not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such in Trust Agreement as effect on date of execution hereof.
It is intended that the fees paid hereunder shall constitute revenues to Consultant. Consultant have full responsibility and Company no for satisfying any liability federal, state or local income other taxes required by law be with respect hereunder. The may withhold employment withheld from payments made All claims relating to or arising out of this Agreement, the breach thereof, whether sounding in contract, tort, otherwise, shall also be governed by laws State Washington without regard choice law considerations.
All provisions contained in the Plan shall be severable, and event that any one or more of them held to invalid by competent court, interpreted as if such were not herein. As between the First Lien Secured Parties, Applicable Authorized Representative, shall have right to adjust or settle any insurance policy claim covering constituting Shared Collateral in event of loss thereunder and approve award granted condemnation similar proceeding affecting Collateral.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, extent applicable, Sections 1, 6 and 8 shall survive termination of for any reason. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein, in Purchase Agreement, any agreement, statement certificate given writing pursuant hereto connection therewith shall be false misleading material respect as date and Closing Date.
The Guarantor shall have no further liability or obligation under this Guaranty from and after the earliest of (a) a written agreement between Beneficiary terminating obligations liabilities pursuant to (b) termination Purchase Agreement in accordance with its terms. Any number of counterparts this Amendment may be signed and delivered, each which will considered an original all which, together, constitute one the same instrument.
Except as set forth in the Target Schedule 1.03 , does not have any subsidiaries, and own, beneficially or of record, shares control other corporation. For purposes hereinafter, term “Target” also includes those subsidiaries on Schedules. This Agreement and any disputes arising out of or relating to this will be governed by, construed interpreted in accordance with the laws State Delaware, without regard choice law principle that would require application another jurisdiction.
Beginning on November 1, 2016, and during the term of this Agreement under direction FBR’s President CEO or his designee(s), Consultant will serve as a retained consultant to Executive Committee and/or be reasonably available, an needed basis, provide Services CEO. The Agreement comprises the final and complete integration of all prior expressions by Servicer on one hand Lender other with respect to subject matter hereof as date shall constitute entire agreement between such matter, superseding oral or written understandings.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived except by a written instrument signed the party waiving compliance. waiver any hereto requirements hereof or such party’s rights hereunder shall release other parties from full performance their remaining obligations stated herein. failure to exercise delay in exercising on part right, power privilege operate as thereof, nor single partial preclude further thereof party. This not amended, waiver, change, modification, consent discharge effected, an writing executed behalf against whom enforcement amendment, is sought.
Subject to the provisions of Sections 3 and 4 this Agreement, Company will pay or cause be paid Executive so long as is employed hereunder a base salary equal $800,000 per annum (the “ Base Salary ”). may adjusted reflect any changes made Executive’s in payroll records agreed by Executive, Salary, adjusted. The timing payments pursuant Section 2(a) on basis consistent with CBRE’s general practices.
Effective as of the Date but subject to satisfaction conditions precedent set forth in Article III below, Borrower, Administrative Agent and Required Lenders agree that Aggregate Commitment is hereby permanently reduced from $250,000,000 $150,000,000. All provisions Credit Agreement other Loan Documents are amended give effect such reduction, notwithstanding any notice requirements respect thereof. Each Lender’s shall be ratably a result permanent reduction Commitment.
Subject to Section 11A, the Co-Tenants must unanimously approve any sale or exchange of Property; provided, however each reserve right transfer assign its own interest in Property subject rights other set forth 15 E. The Company does not own, license or otherwise have any right, title interest in intellectual property.
BioScrip agrees to employ Executive and hereby accepts such employment, upon the terms conditions set forth in this Agreement, for period beginning on September 9, 2016 (“ Start Date ”) ending as provided Section 2.4 of Agreement Employment Period ”). Except as otherwise provided herein, the vesting schedule of any Award Performance Shares, Stock Units, Dividend Equivalents, Payments, Deferred Stock, Restricted Units or Other Stock-Based shall be set by Committee in its discretion.
During the Term, Company shall provide Employee at Company’s expense, with all benefits currently in place or subsequently established by for its employees United States. be entitled to (i) paid vacation each calendar year, and (ii) days off illness, religious observance personal reasons (which shall, any event, least three days), accordance policy effect from time time. The timing of such scheduled a reasonable manner not interfere operations Company.
The Borrowers shall, and shall cause Guarantor Subservicer to keep all property useful necessary in its business good working order condition. maintain a fidelity bond be covered by insurance (including, without limitation, errors omissions insurance) of the kinds amounts customarily maintained such similarly situated entities same jurisdiction industry as Borrowers, acceptable Agencies, no Borrower or reduce coverage written consent Lender, also other with financially sound reputable companies, respect risks character usually engaged similar situated, against loss, damage liability entities.
No termination or expiration of this Agreement any Work Order for reason will relieve Party liability obligation to the extent accrued prior such expiration. The following provisions survive under circumstance: Reports, Audits and Record Retention ( Section 2.17 ), Term Termination (this 4 Representations Warranties 5 Confidentiality Proprietary Rights 6 Defense/Indemnity 7 Loss Damage Goods 8 Insurance 9 Taxes 11 General 13 ).
Each Member’s interest in the Company, including such interest, if any, capital, income, gains, losses, deductions and expenses of Company shall be represented by units limited liability company (each a “ Unit ”). As Effective Date, have two authorized classes Units, consisting denominated as “Common Units” “Series A Preferred Units.” All Common Units identical rights privileges all respects, Series respects. The authority to issue an unlimited number Units. ownership Unitholder invest with Economic Interest therein (except extent Transferred Assignee). For purposes this Agreement, held or any its Subsidiaries deemed not outstanding. may fractional rounded fourth decimal place.
Tenant shall fail to discharge or otherwise obtain the release of any lien placed upon Premises in violation this Lease within 15 days after written notice from Landlord. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by Grantee or Company to Committee for review. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Maryland. The provisions this are to deemed severable, invalidity or unenforceability any provision not affect impair remaining which continue full force effect.
The Company shall reimburse all legal fees and related expenses (including the costs of experts, evidence counsel) reasonably in good faith incurred by a Participant if prevails on material issue with respect to his or her claim for relief an action obtain enforce any right benefit provided this Plan. If is entitled recover under Section 10.1, reimbursement eligible expense be made within 10 business days after delivery Participant's respective written requests payment accompanied such as may require, but no event later than March 15 year which rights are established.
The registration rights provided to the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, and Company’s obligation keep Registration Statements effective, shall terminate at end Effectiveness Period hereinafter defined. Notwithstanding foregoing, Section 3(d), 6, 8, 9 11 survive termination this Agreement. Tenant’s indemnity of Landlord as set forth in the Lease shall also apply with respect to any and all costs, losses, damages, injuries liabilities related way act or omission Tenant Parties, one directly indirectly employed by them, connection non-payment amount arising out Improvements and/or disapproval portion request for payment.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Section 5, Holder may transfer, with or without consideration, Warrant of Shares (or a portion thereof) Holder’s Affiliates (as such term is defined under Rule 144 Securities Act) obtaining opinion from counsel that be required by 5(c)(ii), provided, delivers Company and its certification, documentation, other assurances reasonably Company’s enable render an Transfer Agent transfer does not violate applicable securities laws.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of parties named herein their respective successors permitted assigns. No party may assign either this or any its rights, interests, obligations hereunder (by operation law, merger otherwise) without prior written approval other party; provided , however that Buyer all rights interests one more Affiliates a purchaser substantially assets Buyer.
Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and appropriate travel, entertainment, other expenses incurred by while employed (in accordance with the policies procedures established Company its executive officers) in performance of his duties responsibilities under this Agreement; provided that properly accounts such procedures. The responsible any unreasonable or inappropriate violation
This Agreement shall automatically terminate and be of no further force effect in the event that any conditions paragraph 1(b) this is not satisfied. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not specifically defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto Plan. In event of any inconsistency between Plan, Plan govern. The are incorporated into Restricted Stock Units subject to provisions
Unless otherwise defined or the context requires, terms for which meanings are provided in Facility Agreement shall have such when used this Amendment. The number and class of securities subject to an Award shall be adjustment as provided in Section 5.7 the Plan. In event a Change Control or Corporate Transaction, Awards terms 5.8 Plan, determined by Committee. decision Committee regarding any such adjustment, and/or Transaction final, binding conclusive.
Titan will pay or reimburse Executive for any expenses reasonably and necessarily incurred by him in furtherance of his duties hereunder, including, without limitation, entertainment, travel (including automobile operating expenses), meals, hotel accommodations other ordinary necessary activities on behalf the Company, subject to reasonable documentation such Executive. Such payment reimbursement shall be made Company within a time accordance with Company’s standard procedures. Any which have not yet been reimbursed upon separation termination employment reason paid estate case death thirty (30) days Titan.
This Agreement and the other Credit Documents (unless otherwise expressly provided therein) shall be deemed a contract under, governed by, construed enforced in accordance with, laws of State New York, applicable to contracts made performed entirely within such state, including without regard conflicts principles (other than Section 5-1401 5-1402 General Obligations Law York). Each Letter by either (i) Uniform Customs Practice for Documentary Credits (2007 Revision), International Chamber Commerce Publication No. 600, or (ii) Standby Practices (ISP98), 590, case, any subsequent revisions thereof approved Congress Commerce.
Any amendment to this Agreement shall be made in writing and signed by both the parties hereto. During the Employment Period Executive shall serve as Vice Chairman of Company and a member Board Directors (the “Board”) with such authority, duties, powers responsibilities are normally attributable to positions other duties may be from time reasonably assigned by Board.
No member of the Committee shall be liable for any action, omission, or determination made in good faith. The Company indemnify (to extent permitted under Delaware law) and hold harmless each other director employee to whom duty power relating administration interpretation Plan has been delegated against cost expense (including counsel fees) liability sum paid settlement a claim with approval Committee) arising out omission Plan, unless, either case, such was taken by member, bad faith without reasonable belief that it best interests Company. determination, interpretations actions pursuant provisions binding conclusive all purposes on persons.
BORROWERS AND LENDER EACH HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE ACTION BASED UPON ARISING OUT THE LOAN DOCUMENTS TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREIN, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT BREACH DUTY ALL OTHER COMMON LAW STATUTORY CLAIMS. REPRESENT THAT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER KNOWINGLY VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. IN EVENT LITIGATION, COPY AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS WRITTEN CONSENT BY COURT.
All of Borrower’s obligations under this Section 2.5 shall survive termination the Agreement, and repayment Loans hereunder. All notices, demands, requests or other communications given under this Agreement shall be in writing and by personal delivery, certified mail, return receipt requested, nationally recognized overnight courier service to the address set forth below as may subsequently requested.
During and after your employment with Artisan, you agree that will reasonably cooperate Artisan its representatives in connection any action, investigation, proceeding, litigation or otherwise regard to matters of which have knowledge as a result employment. use reasonable business efforts, whenever possible, provide advance notice need for assistance attempt coordinate the time place at such is provided minimize impact on other material pre-scheduled commitment may have. The Group reimburse out-of-pocket expenses incurred cooperation.
While he is an employee of the Company, Employee shall be entitled paid vacation that accrues at a rate 1.66 days for each month worked (20 per calendar year). have right to carryover unused from one year next, extent permitted by Company’s policy time in effect, up maximum 10 days.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes all prior written agreements, arrangements, communications understandings contemporaneous oral understandings, between parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended shall confer upon any Person other than and, as applicable, their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors permitted assigns equitable right, benefit remedy of nature under by reason except that Merger Sub LLC be third-party beneficiaries Agreement.
Any and all notices (with the exception of Transaction Notices, which shall be delivered via facsimile only), statements, demands or other communications hereunder may given by a party to mail, email, facsimile, messenger otherwise address specified below, so sent such at any place in notice change hereafter received other. All notices, requests made orally, confirmed promptly writing, communication as preceding sentence.
Risks of loss for any Parcel shipped to the Buyer hereunder shall pass as such Concentrates over ship’s rail at Port Loading. Title from Seller that has been loaded on performing vessel Loading per Incoterms, 2010, or in event exercises its Advance Payment Option then title time receives Provisional Payment.
Adient agrees that it shall promptly advise Johnson Controls if becomes aware of any unauthorized third-party use Marks; provided , the failure to notify such not constitute a breach this Agreement. take steps contact third party without Controls’ prior written permission. have sole discretion determine whether, and in what manner, respond be exclusively entitled remedies, including monetary damages, related thereto or resulting therefrom. In event decides initiate claim against party, commercially reasonable efforts cooperate, good faith, with (including by assisting Marks are famous distinctive territory, based upon Adient’s territory) at cost expense.
Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Employee from any liability related to credit cards, or similar financial agreements that include as an account holder joint (this includes a negative impact Employee’s rating result of misuse nonpayment these items for which is holder), except expenses charges are not reimbursable under the Company’s policies.
On the Closing Date after giving effect to Transactions and other transactions related thereto, Parent its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. This Agreement shall not be modified or amended except in writing signed by all parties hereto. The Borrower and the Guarantors will cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to, cooperate with Agent Lenders execute such further instruments documents as or shall reasonably request to carry out satisfaction transactions contemplated by this Agreement other Loan Documents.
The Borrower may, upon three (3) Business Days’ notice in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans, and same-day Base prepay Loans on any Day; provided that pays all Breakage Costs (if any) associated with such prepayment date prepayment. Prepayments must be accompanied by a payment interest amount so prepaid. principal $5,000,000 or whole multiple $1,000,000 excess thereof (or, if less, entire then outstanding). at least $500,000 or, outstanding. notice, terminate Commitment hereunder.
If any provision of this Note is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in respect by a court, all the other provisions will remain full force and effect. Borrower makers indorsers hereby forever waive presentment, protest, notice dishonor non-payment. also waives defenses based on suretyship impairment collateral. This shall bind its heirs, executors, administrators, successors assigns, benefits hereof inure benefit Lender assigns; provided , however that may not assign whole part without Lender’s written consent at time part.
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7 attached hereto, the Company shall use net proceeds from sale of Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and not such proceeds: (a) satisfaction any portion Company’s debt (other than payment trade payables in ordinary course business prior practices or by tax obligations directors officers under currently outstanding equity incentive awards), (b) redemption Common Stock Equivalents, (c) settlement litigation (d) violation FCPA OFAC regulations.
In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in form of cash, Shares, securities, property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, exchange Shares securities Company, change corporate structure Company affecting occurs, Administrator, order to prevent diminution enlargement benefits potential intended be made available under Plan, will adjust number and class may delivered Plan and/or number, class, price covered by each outstanding Award, numerical Share limit Sections 3 5(a) Plan.
Performance Guarantor shall keep in full force and effect its existence rights as a corporation under the laws of State Nevada, obtain preserve qualification to do business each jurisdiction which such is or be necessary protect validity enforceability this Guaranty, other Transaction Documents Support Assets except extent failure maintain could not reasonably expected have Material Adverse Effect.
The section headings contained in this Agreement (including, without limitation, and the exhibits schedules) are inserted for reference purposes only shall not affect any way meaning, construction or interpretation of other Transaction Documents. Any to masculine, feminine, neuter gender be a such as is appropriate. References singular include plural vice versa.
In the event of any stock split, dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, combination, exchange shares, liquidation, spin-off or other similar change in capitalization event, distribution to Optionees Common Stock than a regular cash number and class securities subject Option will be equitably adjusted by Committee, such adjustment made accordance with Section 409A Code, extent applicable. The decision Committee regarding is final binding.
ALL MATTERS RELATING TO THE INTERPRETATION, CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY INTERNAL LAWS STATE DELAWARE, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT ANY CHOICE LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF. ISA has made no promises to Phillips with respect the subject matter hereof other than those set forth in this Agreement.
The Borrower will use the proceeds of (a) Term Loans made on Effective Date, together with cash hand Borrower, to finance Transactions and pay Transaction Costs (b) Revolving Swingline after Date fund working capital requirements for other general corporate purposes. This First Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of State California applicable to agreements entered into performed entirely within such state.
The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of the Policy shall in all respects be governed by laws State Delaware, without reference to principles conflict law. The employment relationship between you and the Company will be at-will. You have right to terminate at any time for reason whatsoever, with or without cause, liability obligation except as may expressly provided herein.
None of the officers or directors Company and, to knowledge Company, none employees is presently a party any transaction with Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, and directors) that required be disclosed not in SEC Reports, including contract, agreement other arrangement providing furnishing by, rental real personal property from, otherwise requiring payments from officer, director such employee or, entity which director, has substantial interest an trustee partner, (i) payment salary, consulting fees financial advisory rendered, (ii) reimbursement expenses incurred on behalf (iii) benefits, restricted stock programs option agreements under plan Company.
(a). Except as set forth on Schedule 3.06 , the Effective Date there are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations by before any arbitrator Governmental Authority pending against or, to knowledge of Borrower, threatened affecting Borrower its Subsidiaries (i) that could reasonably be expected, individually in aggregate, result a Material Adverse Effect (ii) involve this Agreement Transactions.
None of the Credit Parties or any their respective Subsidiaries (a) is in default under with respect to Vodafone Agreement Citibank (b) to, a party Contractual Obligation (other than such referred foregoing clause Indebtedness) that could, either individually aggregate, reasonably be expected have Material Adverse Effect. On Closing Date, after giving effect Transactions, none Indebtedness purported Indebtedness.
Employee’s employment hereunder shall automatically terminate upon death. Upon such event, the Company pay to designated beneficiary (or, if none, estate) pro rata portion of Base Salary and any other accrued vested but unpaid compensation through date The subject headings of the paragraphs this Note are included for purposes convenience only, and shall not affect construction or interpretation any its provisions.
No modification, amendment or waiver of any provision this Guaranty, nor the consent to departure by Guarantor therefrom, shall in event be effective unless same writing and signed Agent Guarantor, then such only specific instance for purpose which given. notice demand on case entitle other further same, similar circumstances. Assignments and Assumptions of Contracts from each Seller in the form Exhibit E attached hereto by this reference incorporated herein, assigning quit-claim any all rights such has under to Purchaser on terms set forth therein without representation or warranty kind (collectively, “ ”).
Any and all notices or other communications deliveries required permitted to be provided hereunder shall in writing deemed given effective on the earliest of: (a) date of transmission, if such notice communication is delivered via facsimile at number set forth signature pages attached hereto prior 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) a Trading Day, (b) next Day after day that not later than any (c) second (2 nd ) following mailing, sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service (d) upon actual receipt party whom given. The respective addresses for as recipient have otherwise parties conformity with this section.
During the Term (as defined below), Executive shall serve Company as President of Completion Services division, or in such other capacity Board Chief Officer determine. comply with policies may be effect from time to for executive officers, including, without limitation, Company’s regarding confidentiality, ownership intellectual property, drug testing, discrimination and harassment, ethical conduct. have duties, authorities responsibilities designate that are consistent Executive’s position.
The Company is authorized and directed to withhold from payments, distributions or allocations any Member pay over Governmental Authority amount required be withheld pursuant the Code other Requirements, including Requirements relating money laundering terrorism, with respect payment, distribution allocation such shall allocate amounts which was withheld. All so treated as paid distributed reduce otherwise payable distributable for all purposes of this Agreement.
Seller has good and marketable title to (i) the Patents, including without limitation all rights, title, interest in Patents sue for infringement thereof, (ii) Subject technology. The are free clear of liens, mortgages, security interests or other encumbrances, restrictions on transfer. There no actions, suits, claims proceedings threatened, pending progress part any named inventor relating way not received notice (and is aware facts circumstances which could reasonably be expected give rise to) investigations, Patents. existing contracts, agreements, options, commitments, proposals, bids, offers, rights with, to, person acquire
During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by in performing services hereunder, including of travel and living while away from home, provided that such are accounted accordance with policies procedures established Corporation. The at same level generally executives her seniority. This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with the internal laws of State California, without regard to conflict law provisions any state.
This Plan shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Company Covered Executives, their respective successors, executors, administrators, heirs permitted assigns. In event a Executive’s death after Terminating Event but prior completion by all payments due him under this Plan, continue such beneficiary designated in writing his (or estate, if Executive fails make designation).
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Administrative Agent an Assignment Assumption, together with a processing recordation fee of $3,500 for (provided, that only one such will be payable in connection simultaneous assignments two or more Approved Funds by Lender), assignee, if it is not Lender, administrative questionnaire form substance reasonably satisfactory Agent.
The covenants, agreements and representations warranties of the Issuers under Operative Documents shall survive execution delivery hereof. All obligations hereunder are joint several. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Parties concerning subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior negotiations, undertakings, agreements, arrangements with respect thereto, whether written or oral, including any offer of employment.
Immediately prior to the Closing, Buyer shall pay, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, (a) Estimated Purchase Price an account or accounts designated Parent, at least two Business Days Closing Date, in writing and (b) Debt Payoff Amount, if any, lenders Companies Subsidiaries retirement related Indebtedness accordance with terms applicable Letters. All calculations outstanding as Effective Time pursuant this Article II disregard effect any payment made be preceding sentence. Notwithstanding anything contrary herein Ancillary Agreement, consideration paid Parent relevant Seller Agreement deemed for all purposes comprise part of, not addition to, payable hereunder.
Within five Business Days following the date of this Agreement, Company shall reimburse Stockholders, in an amount not to exceed $300,000, for expenses incurred by them connection with their investment Company, including, but limited to, legal and other advisory costs, proxy solicitation filing all costs mail soliciting materials, letters, press releases stockholders litigation travel costs.
Tenant shall provide to Landlord, within five (5) Business Days after Tenant’s receipt thereof, a copy of any notice, or notification with respect to, (i) violation Legal Requirement relating Hazardous Substances located in, on, under the Leased Property adjacent property; (ii) enforcement other governmental regulatory action instituted, completed threatened Property; (iii) claim made by Person against damage, contribution, cost recovery, compensation, loss, injury resulting from claimed result Substance; and (iv) reports federal, state local environmental agency arising out in connection release Substance removed Property, including complaints, notices, warnings assertions violations therewith.
In this Agreement, unless a clear contrary intention appears, (a) the words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder” other of similar import refer to Agreement as whole not any particular section or subdivision, (b) reference means such hereof, (c) word “ including ” (and with correlative meaning include ”) including, without limiting generality description preceding term (d) where provision refers action be taken by either party, that party is prohibited from taking an action, shall applicable whether directly indirectly party.
This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (a) heirs, executors legal representatives Executive Executive’s death (b) any successor Company. Any such Company deemed substituted for under terms this all purposes. For purpose, “successor” means person, firm, corporation or other business entity which at time, whether by purchase, merger otherwise, directly indirectly acquires substantially assets None rights receive form compensation payable pursuant may assigned transferred except laws descent distribution. attempted assignment, transfer, conveyance disposition right benefits null void.
The execution and delivery by Sellers of this Agreement the Transaction Documents to which either is a party, performance their respective obligations hereunder thereunder, consummation does not, require any consent, approval or authorization of, filing with, governmental authority other person, except for consents, approvals, authorizations, filings notices disclosed on Schedule 3.6 .
Except as (i) set forth in Schedule 4.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, (ii) may be required under Competition Laws 4.3(c) Letter or (iii) would not, if not made obtained, reasonably expected to be, individually aggregate, material Company, no consent of, filing with notification any court, Governmental Entity third party, including a prime contractor subcontract respect Government Contract, is obtained by connection execution and delivery this Agreement consummation Transactions.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of United States State Illinois. Each party consents to jurisdiction venue state or federal courts Chicago, Illinois, if applicable, any action, suit, proceeding arising out relating this Agreement. If one or more of the provisions this Agreement is invalidated for any reason by a court competent jurisdiction, shall be deemed to separable from other Agreement, and remaining will continue valid fully enforceable.
Unless the Grantee makes alternative arrangements satisfactory to Company personally remit required withholding amounts, then, as of date that all or a portion Cash Award becomes paid pursuant Section 4.1 hereof, shall withhold so by law be withheld in connection with such payment for applicable federal, state, local and foreign taxes any kind. To extent are upon vesting purposes federal FICA, FUTA Medicare taxes, taken from other income owed hereby agrees withholding. For purposes, amount this 6.3 deemed have first been Grantee.
Schedule 5.15 sets forth all the Subsidiaries of Parent Borrower at Third Amendment Effective Date (after giving pro forma effect to Transactions), jurisdiction their organization and direct or indirect ownership interest therein. As used throughout this Agreement, “term” shall include the Initial Term and all Renewal Terms, if any. (a) The portion of the Term Loan comprising each Prime Rate Borrowing shall bear interest at plus Applicable Rate.
If any term or condition of this Agreement shall be held to invalid, illegal unenforceable in respect by a court competent jurisdiction, construed without such condition. at the time enforcement provision Agreement, hold that duration, scope area restriction hereof is unreasonable under circumstances now then existing, parties hereto agree maximum reasonable substituted for stated area.
Borrowers shall execute and deliver such additional documents take action as may be reasonably requested by Agent to effectuate the provisions purposes of this Amendment No. 3. The Asset Representations Reviewer owns or has the right to use all software, designs, utilities, tools, models, systems and other methodologies know how that may in performing its obligations under this Agreement such usage shall not infringe upon rights of any third party violate applicable laws.
No member of the Committee (or an authorized delegate Committee), and no officer Huron or any Affiliates, shall be liable for action taken omitted to by such individual other Affiliate in connection with performance duties under this Plan, except individual’s own willful misconduct as expressly provided law (the “Administrative Actions”). Further, (and all delegates addition rights indemnification they may have members Board Directors officers Affiliate, serving a delegate) indemnified held harmless fullest extent allowed against costs expenses reasonably incurred them action, suit proceeding which party reason Administrative Action.
Upon Executive’s death, the Company will pay or provide to surviving spouse, if none, heirs devisees, same compensation and benefits as Executive was terminated by without cause set forth in Section 7 (c)(ii) . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterpart signature pages (including via email PDF format other electronic pages), each of which shall deemed an original, and all together constitute the same instrument.
(a) The Borrower shall make each payment (including principal of or interest on any Borrowing) hereunder and under other Loan Document without setoff, counterclaim deduction kind not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, the date when due in dollars to Administrative Agent at its offices 383 Madison Avenue, York, immediately available funds.
Each of the Revolver Agent and Term Loan represents warrants to other parties hereto that it is authorized under Original Credit Agreement Agreement, as case may be, enter into this Agreement. Subject to Section 11.2 . the Agreement will be binding upon and inure benefit of Parties hereto their respective successors permitted assigns, each which assigns deemed a Party for all purposes hereof.
Upon the other terms and conditions hereinafter stated, Company agrees to employ Executive accept employment by for term set forth in Section 2 hereof position with duties responsibilities 3 hereof. warrants that he is under no restriction would prevent him from entering into this Agreement complying all of its provisions their fullest extent.
The Pledgor shall comply with all applicable Legal Requirements, except such non-compliance as would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of perform its obligations hereunder. The Lenders shall have received audited consolidated financial statements of the Parent Borrower for 2014 and 2015 interim unaudited any subsequent quarterly period completed at least 45 days prior to Closing Date.
The financial statements and the related notes thereto of Company its consolidated subsidiaries included or incorporated by reference in documents filed with SEC under Securities Exchange Act 1934, as amended, rules regulations promulgated thereunder (the “ ”) since January 1, 2016 prior to date this Agreement Documents complied form all material respects applicable accounting requirements published respect dates indicated results their operations cash flows for periods specified. Such have been prepared conformity generally accepted principles United States (“ GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout covered thereby (except disclosed Documents).
This Letter Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute one and the same instrument. If any provision of this Agreement should be held unenforceable or void, then that shall separated from the remaining provisions and not affect validity except if void relates to payment monetary sum, then, Lender may, at its option, declare Secured Indebtedness immediately due payable but without Prepayment Fee.
Except to the extent failure be so insured could not reasonably expected have a Material Adverse Effect, properties of Borrower and its Subsidiaries are self-insured in manner permitted under Section 7.06 or otherwise with financially sound reputable insurance companies Affiliates such amounts, deductibles covering risks as customarily carried by engaged similar businesses similarly situated.
Indemnitee shall give the Company notice in writing accordance with Section 14 of this Agreement as soon practicable any Claim made against for which indemnification will or could be sought under Agreement. As of the date hereof, authorized capital stock Company consists 1,000,000,000 shares Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share, which as 295,941,234 are issued and outstanding, 100,000,000 preferred authorized. All such outstanding have been, or upon issuance will be, validly fully paid nonassessable.
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7 , there are no actions, suits, or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Borrowers, after due inquiry, threatened in writing against a Loan Party any its Subsidiaries for which, either individually aggregate, is reasonable possibility an adverse determination that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected result Material Adverse Change.
Without providing Buyer with not less than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior written notice of such event, Seller will not, nor shall permit any other Party to, enter into transaction, including, without limitation, purchase, sale, lease or exchange property the rendering service, Affiliate unless transaction is (x) otherwise permitted under Program Agreements (y) (A) in ordinary course Party’s business and (B) upon fair reasonable terms no favorable to it would obtain a comparable arm’s length Person which an Affiliate.
If any provision of this Agreement, as applied to party or circumstance, shall be found by a court void, invalid unenforceable, the same in no way affect other application such validity enforceability Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have their respective meanings given them in the Pledge Agreement.
All distributions under the Plan shall be subject to Participant satisfying any applicable federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations. The Corporation have power right require remit or deduct withhold from all amounts payable in connection with RSUs otherwise, an amount sufficient satisfy taxes required by law. Further, may permit satisfy, whole part, obligations Shares that would otherwise received upon settlement of RSUs.
The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive any termination or expiration Agreement. Schedule 3.6(b) (i) of the Seller Disclosure Schedules lists all Program Patents existing as date this Agreement, setting forth in each case jurisdictions which have been filed. is sole and exclusive owner of, has good, valid marketable title to, free clear Liens (other than Permitted Liens), Patents.
(this “ Agreement ”) is entered into as of June 2, 2016, by and among OXFORD FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with an office located at 133 North Fairfax Street, Alexandria, Virginia 22314 (“ Oxford ”), collateral agent (in such capacity, Collateral Agent the Lenders listed on signature pages hereto (each Lender ” collectively, including in its capacity SILICON VALLEY BANK, California corporation 3003 Tasman Drive, Santa Clara, CA 95054 (“Bank” or “SVB”), immediately prior to Borrower Change Name (defined below), MIRAMAR LABS, INC., Miramar after Name, TECHOLOGIES, INC. Technologies and, together Miramar, offices 2790 Walsh Ave., 95051.
This Second Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all when taken together a single contract. Delivery signature page this facsimile transmission or PDF attachment to email effective as delivery original counterpart thereof. No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive an authorized officer Company (other than Executive). either party any breach of, compliance with, condition other considered a same at another time.
The Restricted Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the may, but need not, be subject to a Period that specifies Right Repurchase in favor Company, or forfeiture event consideration was form services, accordance with vesting schedule determined by Administrator. Administrator its discretion may provide for an acceleration terms Award, at time, including upon Change Control. grant is, whole part, vested not Period.
Any reference in the Purchase Agreement to "this Agreement" shall hereafter be deemed refer as hereby amended. Except expressly amended herein, parties hereto agree and acknowledge that all of terms provisions set forth remain full force effect respects. All capitalized terms contained in this Agreement shall have the meaning set forth Plan unless otherwise defined herein (including Schedule A) or as may be required by context.
The Company, Logitech, and the Investors shall each pay their own expenses in connection with transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however , that if Closing is effected, Company reimburse reasonable customary documented fees of one counsel for up to a maximum $200,000, within thirty (30) days presentation final invoice.
Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, (i) comply with Requirement of Law applicable to it or its property (including without limitation Environmental Laws) (ii) perform in all material respects obligations under agreements which is a party, except, case, where the failure do so, individually aggregate, could not reasonably be expected result Material Adverse Effect. maintain effect enforce policies procedures designed ensure compliance by such Party, Subsidiaries their respective directors, officers, employees agents Anti-Corruption Laws Sanctions.
Upon dissolution and termination of the Company, final distribution Company’s assets shall be made pursuant to provisions Section 17.2 . Use the proceeds of Term Loans only for purposes specified in Section 2.5 (it being understood that no Lender Party shall have any obligation to monitor Borrower’s use Loans). This Amendment Number Six shall become effective as of June 26, 2015.
This Agreement may be executed by the parties in separate counterparts, each of which when so and delivered shall deemed an original, but all such counterparts together constitute one same instrument. A telecopy or facsimile transmission a signed counterpart this sufficient to bind party whose signature(s) appear(s) thereon. This Agreement amends and restates the Credit dated as of July 15, 2013 amended prior to date hereof (the “ Existing ”), among IHS, Borrower, lenders agents party thereto JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Administrative Agent. All obligations liabilities IHS Borrower under remain in full force effect restated this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall deemed to an original but all together will constitute one and the same instrument. A signed copy this delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means electronic transmission have legal effect as delivery Agreement. This Award Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators and successors of parties hereto, each member Company Group, their respective Affiliates, have right to enforce Section 5, 6, 8 hereof.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender agrees that Borrower may request Lenders submit offers make loans (each such loan, a “ Bid Loan ”) pursuant this Section 2.03 at any time during Availability Period so long as Debt Rating by S&P is least BBB- or Moody’s Baa3; provided , however after giving effect Borrowing, (i) Total Outstandings shall not exceed Aggregate Commitments, (ii) aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans Sublimit. There be more than five (5) different Interest Periods in with respect time.
The Borrower shall have the right, upon not less than three Business Days’ notice to Administrative Agent, terminate Revolving Commitments of any Class or, from time time, reduce amount ; provided that no such termination or reduction be permitted if, after giving effect thereto and prepayments Loans made on effective date thereof, Outstanding Credits would exceed Total Commitments. Any in an equal integral multiple $1,000,000 $5,000,000 permanently then effect.
All payments of interest and principal shall be in lawful money the United States America. applied first to accrued interest, thereafter principal. Company may not prepay this Note prior Maturity Date without consent Majority Holders (as defined Second Amended Restated Warrant Purchase Agreement). No Notes owned by Holder can prepaid Holder's consent.
Optionee may exercise this Option by delivering a signed Notice of Exercise in substantially the form attached hereto to officer Company designated such notice. Such shall be accompanied payment full aggregate purchase price for Shares as provided Section 2(c). At any time or from to upon the request of Administrative Agent, each Loan Party will, at its expense, promptly execute, acknowledge and deliver such further documents do other acts things as Agent may reasonably in order effect fully purposes Documents.
The Company shall use the net proceeds from sale of Securities hereunder for working capital purposes, as approved by Board Directors. The Borrower shall not use, directly or, to the knowledge of Borrower, indirectly, proceeds any Loan in manner that violates Patriot Act, Anti-Corruption Laws or Sanctions, if any, applicable and its Subsidiaries.
This Agreement (including the exhibits and schedules hereto) other agreements to be delivered in connection with Transactions (as defined Contribution Agreement), including Agreement, represent entire agreement between parties hereto supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations, oral or written, concerning subject matter hereof. The referenced this constitute an integral part of are incorporated herein by reference made a Except as otherwise expressly stated herein, no provision is intended shall confer on any person, than (and successors permitted assignees) right under Agreement.
Comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property (including ERISA the USA PATRIOT Act), except where failure do so, individually in aggregate, would not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect; provided that this Section 5.06 shall apply Environmental Laws, which are subject 5.09, laws related Taxes, 5.03.
Stockholder hereby agrees that Synta and the Company may publish disclose in Proxy Statement, any prospectus filed with regulatory authority connection Merger related documents such as otherwise required by Law, Stockholder’s identity ownership of Shares nature commitments, arrangements understandings under this Agreement further file an exhibit to or other filing made Law terms Agreement, including SEC authority, relating Merger.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Termination Date. The provisions of this Section 16 shall survive the Closing without limitation. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between parties relating to this subject matter and supersedes all prior or simultaneous representations, discussions, negotiations, agreements, whether written oral. may be amended modified only with consent of Executive Board Directors Company. No oral waiver, amendment modification will effective under any circumstances whatsoever.
Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be all Tax returns reports required have been paid Taxes by it, except (a) that are being contested in good faith appropriate proceedings for which such Subsidiary, as applicable, set aside on books adequate reserves accordance with GAAP (b) the extent failure do so, individually aggregate, would not reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of state Delaware as to all matters, including but not limited matters validity, construction, effect, performance and remedies. Any legal action or proceeding with respect Plan this may only brought determined in a court sitting Florida. The Company require that bench trial.
Payment of the Purchase Price shall be made on or before June 17, 2016 by wire transfer immediately available funds to an account designated Company. Upon receipt payment Company will deliver Subscriber one more certificates evidencing Warrants and instruct its agent promptly thereafter Shares. The have right terminate this Agreement if it has not received 2016, in which case no further force effect, obligation issue Shares Warrants.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined Section 2 the Securities Act) that would be integrated with Notes purposes rules and regulations applicable Trading Market such it require shareholder approval prior closing other transaction unless is obtained before subsequent transaction.
This IP Security Agreement has been entered into in conjunction with the provisions of Agreement. Borrower does hereby acknowledge and confirm that grant security interest hereunder to, rights remedies of, Lender respect to Collateral are more fully set forth Agreement, terms which incorporated herein by reference as if herein. For purposes of this Agreement, any statement as to person acting on behalf the Company or Guarantors their respective Affiliates shall be deemed not include Initial Purchasers behalf.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except as otherwise set forth termination or expiration of Agreement shall not relieve Parties any liability obligation which accrued hereunder prior effective date such expiration, nor prejudice either Party’s right obtain performance obligation. Each Party be free, pursuant ARTICLE 16, seek, without restriction number times it may damages, costs and remedies that available under Applicable Laws equity entitled offset amount damages obtained against other a final determination Section 16.4, amounts due Agreement.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned, in whole part, by operation Law otherwise, parties without prior written consent other parties; provided , that a Holder may, Company, assign all its rights and under to one more Affiliates pursuant Transfer permitted Section 1.3; further assignment foregoing clause not limit affect such Holder’s as primary obligor. This binding upon, inure benefit of, enforceable by, hereto their respective successors assigns. Any purported 2.7 null void.
The Parent Guarantor and Borrower will not enter into any transaction, including, without limitation, purchase, sale, lease or exchange of Property the rendering service, with Affiliate (other than Guarantors Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries Borrower) unless such transactions are otherwise permitted under this Agreement upon fair reasonable terms no less favorable to it would obtain in a comparable arm’s length transaction Person an Affiliate.
On the Restatement Effective Date, Borrower shall pay (i) to Administrative Agent, for accounts of Lenders, fees payable pursuant Section 2.5 and first sentence 3.3 Existing Credit Agreement which have accrued period from last date such were paid but excluding Date (ii) account Agent Lenders entitled thereto, referred in 5.1(h) Restated Agreement. The described this 7 be immediately available funds. Once paid, not refundable under any circumstances.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Pledgor constitutes a legal, valid binding obligation of enforceable against in accordance with its terms, subject to (a) effects bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, (b) general principles equity (regardless whether such enforceability is considered proceeding at law) (c) implied covenants good faith fair dealing.
(a) Any and all notices, demands, consents, approvals, offers, elections other communications required or permitted under this Guaranty shall be deemed adequately given if in writing the same delivered either hand, by facsimile with confirmation of transmission sender’s machine, mail Federal Express similar expedited commercial carrier, addressed to recipient notice, postpaid registered certified return receipt requested (if mail), freight charges prepaid carrier).
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers recognized financial responsibility against such losses risks in amounts as management the believes to be prudent customary businesses which engaged. Except set forth Schedule 3(x) , neither nor any Subsidiary has been refused insurance coverage sought or applied for reason believe that it will not able renew existing when expires obtain similar from may necessary continue business at a cost that, individually aggregate, do would reasonably expected have Material Adverse Effect.
The Administrator will make such provision for the withholding of taxes as it deems necessary. may, but need not, hold back shares Stock from an Award or permit a Participant to tender previously owned in satisfaction tax-withholding requirements (but not excess minimum required by law other amount that may be permitted under current Financial Standards Accounting Board guidance without triggering liability accounting ASC 718).
Except for Nomura Securities International, Inc., there is no investment banker, broker, finder or other intermediary retained by authorized to act on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries who might be entitled any fee commission from Subscriber Affiliates upon consummation transactions contemplated hereby. Such Credit Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply in all respects with Requirements Law (including Environmental Laws) applicable respect the conduct business ownership operation properties, except to extent failure so could not have, or reasonably be expected a Material Adverse Effect.
All notices, demands or requests provided for permitted to be given pursuant this Agreement must in writing and shall delivered sent, with the copies indicated, by personal delivery, telefax overnight delivery service parties at addresses set forth on first page of (or such other address as a party may specify notice Section). notices deemed received two business days after their respective party(ies), Section.
The Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement constitute entire agreement of parties supersede in their entirety all oral, implied or written promises, statements, understandings, undertakings agreements between Company Participant with respect to subject matter hereof, including without limitation, provisions any employment offer letter regarding equity awards be awarded by Company, other its representatives Company.
All federal, state and other material tax returns of, each Loan Party Material Subsidiary required by Applicable Law, which to the knowledge of Borrower, are be filed have been duly (after taking into account any extensions time within file such returns), all taxes, assessments governmental charges or levies upon, their respective properties, income, profits assets due payable paid, except nonpayment non-filing is at permitted under Section 8.6 . As Agreement Date, none United States federal income audit.
The Company shall take all necessary actions and proceedings as may be required by applicable law, rule regulation, for the legal valid issuance of New Note Conversion Shares to Lender. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, with the same effect as if both Parties had document. All counterparts shall construed together to constitute one, and same,
Except for Batuta Capital Advisors LLC, which was retained by KaloBios and the fees of will be paid KaloBios, no broker, investment banker, agent, finder or other intermediary acting on behalf its Affiliates under authority any Affiliate is entitled to broker’s finder’s fee commission similar directly indirectly in connection with Contemplated Transactions.
No waiver or course of dealing shall be established by (a) the failure delay any Agent Lender to require strict performance Borrowers with terms Loan Documents, exercise rights remedies respect Collateral otherwise; (b) making issuance Letter Credit during a Default, Event Default other satisfy conditions precedent; (c) acceptance payment an Obligor under Documents in manner than that specified therein. It is expressly acknowledged financial covenant on measurement date not cured remedied satisfaction such subsequent date.
Employee has reviewed with his or her own tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign consequences of this investment transactions contemplated by Agreement. is relying solely on such not any statements representations Company its agents. understands that he/she (and Company) shall be responsible for his/her liability may arise as a result grant RSUs
Each Party hereto shall bear all expenses incurred by such in connection with the Transactions contemplated to be performed before or on Closing Date . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall deemed an original and all together constitute a fully agreement even though signatures do not appear on the same document. Delivery counterpart signature page by fax or email as effective delivery manually counterpart.
This Agreement shall be construed and the respective rights of Parties determined according to substantive laws State Delaware notwithstanding any provisions governing conflict under such law contrary without giving effect United Nations Convention on Contracts for International Sale Goods, except matters intellectual property which in accordance with national relevant question.
Any actual, pending, or threatened litigation including but not limited to such matters as set forth on Schedule 5.1.6 . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts each which shall deemed an original and which, taken together, form one the same agreement. Execution delivery this evidenced by faxed or emailed signatures.
Each Domestic Borrower (on a joint and several basis for itself all other Loan Parties) the Foreign (solely as to itself) hereby agrees protect, indemnify, pay save harmless Issuing Lender any of its Affiliates that has issued Letter Credit from against claims, demands, liabilities, damages, taxes, penalties, interest, judgments, losses, costs, charges expenses (including reasonable fees, disbursements counsel allocated costs internal counsel) which or may incur be subject consequence, direct indirect, issuance Credit, than result gross negligence willful misconduct determined by final non-appealable judgment court competent jurisdiction.
The Parent will pay and discharge, cause each of its Subsidiaries to all material Taxes, assessments governmental charges or levies imposed upon it income profits, any property belonging it, prior the date on which penalties attach thereto, lawful claims which, if unpaid, might become a Lien such Subsidiary, provided that neither nor Subsidiary shall be required Tax, assessment, charge, levy claim payment is being contested in good faith by proper proceedings maintains adequate reserves with respect thereto.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, and it not necessary making proof this the terms hereof to produce account for than one such counterparts. The Recipient has the necessary authority and capacity to enter into perform his obligations under this Agreement.
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such shall in accordance with Section 9(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company will give written Holder and Trustee at least fifteen (15) days prior date on which closes its books or takes a record for determining rights vote respect any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution liquidation, each case that information made known public conjunction being Holder. All notices hereunder delivered by facsimile (303-262-0608) via hard copy Corporate Trust Office (as defined Indenture) located Highlands Ranch, Colorado.
T here is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation completed, pending or, to Company’s knowledge, threatened contemplated against affecting Company, any Subsidiary their respective properties before by court, arbitrator, governmental administrative agency regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local foreign) (collectively, an “ Action ”), which would reasonably be expected adversely affect challenge the legality, validity enforceability Transaction Documents sale, issuance, listing, trading resale Conversion Shares on Trading Market hereunder. The Commission has not issued stop order other suspending effectiveness registration statement filed Company under Exchange Act Act.
The Company shall be responsible for the payment of any placement agent’s fees, financial advisory or broker’s commissions (other than Persons engaged by Buyer) relating to arising out transactions contemplated hereby. pay, and hold each Buyer harmless against, liability, loss expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees out-of-pocket expenses) in connection with claim such payment. Except as otherwise set forth Transaction Documents Engagement Letter, party this Agreement bear its own expenses sale Securities Buyers.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein in certificates or other instruments delivered connection with pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered have been relied upon parties hereto survive execution delivery of making any Loans issuance Letters Credit, regardless investigation such party on its behalf notwithstanding that Agent, Issuing Lender may had notice knowledge Event Default incorrect representation warranty at time credit is extended hereunder. The provisions Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 10.04 Article VIII remain full force effect consummation transactions contemplated hereby, repayment Loans, expiration termination Credit Commitments, provision hereof.
Subject to Sections 3 and 4, in order vest the RSUs, Grantee must continue as an active employee of Employing Company for three years from Date Grant, subject Company’s right terminate Grantee’s employment at any time reason. The RSUs shall on three-year anniversary provided that is continuously employed by through such anniversary.
This Supply Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Manufacturer and, assuming due execution delivery Buyer, constitutes a valid binding obligation, enforceable against in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium other Laws relating to creditors’ rights generally general equitable principles. The execution, performance of this have authorized all necessary action on part respective officers directors.
(a) Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance, presentment, demand for performance, nonperformance, default, acceleration, protest or dishonor any other with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations this Guaranty requirement that Administrative Agent Lender Party protect, secure, perfect insure Lien property subject thereto exhaust right take action against Loan Person collateral.
Each Loan Party will not use the proceeds of any loan made hereunder for purpose other than (a) on Closing Date, to pay fees, costs, and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement, Documents, transactions contemplated hereby thereby, each case, as set forth Funds Flow (b) thereafter, consistent terms conditions hereof, their lawful permitted purposes, including, without limitation, Permitted Acquisitions (including that no part loans Borrowers be used purchase or carry such Margin Stock extend credit others purchasing carrying violates provisions Regulation T, U X Board Governors).
This Agreement shall be interpreted under and governed by, construed enforced in accordance with, subject to, the laws of State Texas, without giving effect to any principles conflicts law. Any disputes between Parties concerning Jacobs’ employment with Company and/or this settled exclusively Dallas County, Texas. The hereby waive all rights a jury trial.
Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein shall be false misleading in any material respect when and breach which has (or with passage time will have) a adverse effect on rights Holder to this Debenture. Each Pledgor agrees that at any time and from to upon the written request of Administrative Agent, each will execute deliver such further documents do acts things as Agent may reasonably in order effect purposes this Pledge Agreement.
Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company Lender pursuant this Note, such shall in lawful money United States America by, at ’ s option, a check drawn on account and sent via overnight courier service address previously provided writing (which initially for as set forth Note Agreement), electronic funds transfer, or wire transfer immediately available funds, an designated Lender. otherwise due day which not business day, succeeding extension time included computation accrued interest.
Company shall use the net proceeds from sale of Subordinated Notes for general corporate purposes, including loan growth and provision additional liquidity working capital. All representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements made by the Parties in Agreement will survive execution closing of transactions contemplated hereby. provisions which their nature are meant to shall for applicable statute limitations.
The Parties may execute this Agreement in multiple counterparts, each of which constitutes an original as against the Party that signed it, and all together constitute one agreement. This is effective upon delivery executed counterpart from to other Parties. signatures need not appear on same counterpart. counterparts by facsimile or email transmission includes a copy sending Party’s signature(s) signing delivering person.
The Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, maintain, with insurance companies that the believes (in good faith judgment of management Borrower) are financially sound responsible at time relevant coverage is placed or renewed, in least such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance which reasonable prudent light size nature its business) against risks (and risk retentions) as business, furnish Administrative Agent, upon written request from information presented detail so carried. Each policy shall (i) name on behalf Lenders, an additional insured thereunder interests may appear (ii) case casualty policy, Lenders loss payee thereunder.
This Agreement (including any Schedules hereto) constitutes the full and entire understanding agreement among parties with respect to subject matter hereof, other written or oral relating hereof existing between is expressly canceled; provided, that, for avoidance of doubt, foregoing shall not affect rights obligations under Share Exchange Ancillary Document, including Registration Rights Agreement. Notwithstanding foregoing, nothing in this limit remedies Purchaser DT Representative Restricted Holders certificate instrument executed by favor Representative, agreement,
The Administrative Agent shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of any Collateral its possession if it takes such action for that purpose as applicable Debtor requests writing, but failure comply with request not itself a exercise care, no preserve or protect rights respect against prior parties, do act so requested by [any][the] Debtor, Collateral.
This Assignment Agreement may only be amended by a written agreement signed both parties which explicitly adjoins itself to this Agreement. This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of state New York. The provisions Sections 9.09 9.10 Credit Agreement apply to this same extent as if fully set forth herein.
Termination or expiration of this Agreement shall not relieve the Parties any liability obligation which accrued hereunder prior to effective date such termination expiration. Each Party be free, pursuant ARTICLE 13, seek, without restriction as number times it may damages, costs and remedies that available under Applicable Law in equity entitled, following final resolution a Dispute accordance with offset amount damages awarded determination Section 13.3 against amounts due other Agreement.
Strand does not control or own, directly indirectly, any equity profits interests in Person have the power, to elect Persons board of directors comparable governing body other than Subsidiaries. Except for Strand-Triesta Cancer Genomics LLP joint venture between and Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited, is a participant similar arrangement with Person.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in any of the Loan Documents, all respects, including matters construction, validity and performance, this Second Amendment shall be governed by, construed enforced accordance with, Laws State New York, without regard to principles conflict law other than York General Obligations Law 5-1401 5-1402. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall considered an original.
Neither the execution and delivery by Purchaser of this Agreement other agreements instruments to be executed delivered in connection with transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor consummation hereby, will do violate conflict with: (a) any foreign local law, regulation, ordinance, governmental restriction, order, judgment decree applicable Purchaser; (b) provision charter, bylaw, (c) under material agreement which is a party.
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, purchase sale of Shares contemplated hereby shall take place at a closing (the “ Closing ”) be held law offices Magri Law, LLC Fort Lauderdale, FL, or such other on date as Buyer Seller may mutually agree upon writing within two (2) business days after which all obligations Parties set forth Agreement have been substantially satisfied material respects otherwise duly waived, hereafter (such being referred herein Date ”).
Except as set forth on Schedule 7.22 , there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending nor, to the knowledge of Borrower, threatened against in any other way relating adversely affecting Credit Party Subsidiary thereof their respective properties court before arbitrator kind by Governmental Authority that (i) has had could reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) materially affects transaction contemplated hereby.
All notices, requests or other communications required permitted to be delivered hereunder shall in writing such address as a party may from time specify writing. Notices if (a) mailed by certified registered mail sent hand overnight courier service deemed have been given when received, (b) facsimile during the recipient's normal business hours (and after at opening of on next day) and (c) e-mail received upon sender’s receipt an acknowledgment intended recipient (such “return requested” function, available, return written acknowledgment)..
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State New York, without reference to its conflict law provisions (other than Section 5-1401 General Obligations Law York), obligations, rights remedies parties hereunder determined such laws. This Agreement constitutes the entire between parties with regard to subject matter hereof, superseding all prior understandings and agreements, whether written or oral.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all which will considered one and the same agreement become effective when counterparts have been signed by each Parties delivered to other Party (including via facsimile or electronic transmission), it being understood that need not sign counterpart. Any signature shall treated respects as having effect an original signature.
The consolidated balance sheets of the Servicer as January 2, 2010, and related statements income retained earnings for fiscal year then ended, copies which have been furnished to Administrative Agent each Purchaser Agent, fairly present financial condition its Subsidiaries at such date results operations period ended on date, all in accordance with GAAP consistently applied (except otherwise noted therein).
Each Guarantor agrees to pay or reimburse each Lender and the Administrative Agent for all its costs expenses incurred in collecting against such under guarantee contained Section 2 otherwise enforcing preserving any rights this Agreement other Loan Documents which is a party, including, without limitation, fees disbursements of outside counsel Agent.
Both during and after the Executive’s employment with Company, Executive agrees not to disparage, portray in a negative light, or take any action that would be harmful to, lead unfavorable publicity for, Company of its current former clients, suppliers, officers, directors, Executives, agents, consultants, contractors, owners, parents, subsidiaries divisions, whether public private, including without limitation, all interviews, oral statements, written materials, electronically-displayed materials information displayed on Internet-related sites.
This Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party has been duly executed delivered by Borrower constitutes valid binding agreement of Borrower, enforceable against in accordance with its terms, subject applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or laws affecting creditors’ rights generally general principles equity, regardless whether considered proceeding equity at law.
All communications and notices provided for hereunder shall be in the manner described Section 11.3 of Second Tier Agreement. Although, CLRI shall be responsible for any sales or use tax payable in connection with the sale of Assets hereunder; Collabria will reasonably assist to minimize such tax. This Loan Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall considered an original for all purposes; provided, however, that such counterparts together constitute one and the same instrument.
The Borrower has disclosed to the Lender all matters known it that, individually or in aggregate, could reasonably be expected cause a Material Adverse Effect. No report, financial statement, certificate other information furnished (whether writing orally) by on behalf of connection with transactions contemplated hereby and negotiation this Loan Agreement delivered hereunder under any Document (in each case as modified supplemented so furnished) contains material misstatement fact omits state necessary make statements therein, light circumstances which they were made, not misleading; provided respect projected information, represents only that such was prepared good faith based upon assumptions believed reasonable at time.
No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such Events for which liability occur, would be result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as not, individually the aggregate, Effect, each Plan compliance applicable provisions of ERISA. This Agreement may be amended, modified, extended or terminated, and the provisions hereof waived, only by an agreement in writing signed Company Holders. In addition, each Party waive any right hereunder instrument such Party.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which when so shall deemed to an original and all taken together constitute one the same agreement. Signature pages detached from multiple separate counterparts attached a single counterpart. Delivery signature page this by facsimile transmission or Electronic Transmission as effective delivery manually counterpart hereof.
Neither the execution of this Agreement, nor performance by Seller its obligations hereunder will violate or conflict with any agreement which is bound, applicable Law Order. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties on separate counterparts, each such counterpart shall deemed to an original, but all together constitute one same Amendment. Delivery a signature page this telecopy, pdf or other electronic transmission as effective delivery manually
The Performance Award shall vest on the last day of Period (the “Vesting Date”) in a number shares Company Stock equal to multiple Total Target achieved, as determined by Committee (or its designee) accordance with vesting provisions Exhibit A hereto, provided that Participant is employed or one Subsidiaries Vesting Date (other than Paragraph 4 this Agreement). Any earned prior sentence be delivered soon practicable following Date, but no later occur (i) end calendar year which occurs (ii) fifteenth third month Date. portion could have been not designee), immediately forfeited.
All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Administrative Agent any Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder shall be effected in manner provided for Section 10.2 of Credit Agreement; that such notice, request demand addressed at its notice address set forth on Schedule 1. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, which shall deemed an original but all of together will constitute and the same instrument.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate each such counterpart shall deemed to an original, but all together constitute one same Agreement. Receipt signature page this facsimile or other electronic transmission effective delivery thereof. Electronic records Loan Documents maintained Lenders originals.
At all times during your employment or service with the Company and after termination of for any reason, you will not knowingly make statement, written oral, that would disparage business reputation its officers, managers, directors employees. It be a violation this Section 4 to truthful statements, under oath, as required by law, governmental entity law enforcement agency part litigation administrative proceeding.
Subject to the provision for payment of Closing Costs in accordance with terms Section 12.5 hereof and any other this Agreement contrary, whether or not transaction contemplated by shall be consummated, all fees expenses incurred party hereto connection borne such party. Comply in all material respects with applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders, such compliance to include (i) zoning land use (ii) employee benefit (iii) paying before the same become delinquent taxes, assessments governmental charges imposed upon it or its property except extent contested good faith.
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver by Lender of any covenant or provision the Credit Agreement, other Loan Documents, contract instrument between Party and Lender, failure at time times hereafter to require strict performance Parties thereof not waive, affect diminish right thereafter demand compliance therewith. hereby reserves all rights granted under Lender.
This Agreement (including all exhibits and schedules attached hereto) the Ancillary Documents being executed herewith contain entire agreement between Parties with respect to transactions contemplated hereunder supersede prior arrangements or understandings thereto, written oral, other than documents referred herein. The terms conditions of this will inure benefit be binding upon hereto their permitted assigns successors. Except for indemnification rights Indemnitees set forth herein, nothing in Agreement, expressed implied, is intended confer any party, successors, rights, remedies, obligations liabilities.
Neither party shall be entitled to assign, transfer, charge or in any way make over the benefit and/or burden of this Agreement without prior written consent other which not unreasonably withheld delayed, save that either assign transfer its Affiliate successor-in-interest all substantially assets relates, whether connection with a merger, acquisition, sale asset similar transaction. WuXi AppTech may subcontract delegate obligations hereunder third Customer’s express consent.
The right to indemnification or advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement shall be enforceable the Indemnitee in any court competent jurisdiction if Corporation denies such request, whole part, no disposition thereof is made within applicable period referred Section 10. Unless otherwise required law, burden proving that not appropriate on Corporation. Neither failure have a determination prior commencement action proper circumstances because has met standard conduct, nor an actual defense create presumption conduct. Indemnitee’s actually and reasonably incurred connection with successfully establishing indemnification, Proceeding also indemnified
Any determination made by the Committee or an appropriately delegated person persons with respect to Plan shall be in sole discretion of such delegate, unless contravention any express term Plan, including, without limitation, involving appropriateness equitableness action. All decisions final and binding on all persons, including Designated Subsidiary’s, Employees, Eligible Participants Beneficiaries.
THE BORROWER AND GUARANTOR EACH IRREVOCABLY UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF ITS PROPERTY, TO NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF COURTS STATE NEW YORK SITTING IN BOROUGH MANHATTAN CITY UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN YORK, ANY APPELLATE FROM THEREOF, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT RELATING THIS AGREEMENT OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, RECOGNITION ENFORCEMENT JUDGMENT, PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS RESPECT SUCH MAY BE HEARD DETERMINED OR, FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FEDERAL COURT. A FINAL JUDGMENT SHALL CONCLUSIVE ENFORCED JURISDICTIONS SUIT ON MANNER PROVIDED LAW. NOTHING DOCUMENT AFFECT RIGHT LENDER OTHERWISE HAVE BRING AGAINST THEIR PROPERTIES JURISDICTION.
Promptly after the commencement thereof, notice of all actions, suits, proceedings or investigations before by any Official Body other Person against Loan Party Subsidiary which relate to Collateral, involve a claim series claims in excess Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000) if adversely determined would reasonably be expected constitute Material Adverse Change.
All notices required or permitted to be given by the Corporation with respect Series C Preferred Stock shall in writing, and if delivered first class United States mail, postage prepaid, holders of at their last addresses as they appear upon books Corporation, conclusively presumed have been duly given, whether not holder actually receives such notice; provided, however, that failure give notice any defect notice, stock designated for repurchase, affect validity proceedings repurchase other shares Stock, matter presented approval Stock.
It is the express intention and agreement of parties hereto that provisions Sections 7 , 9 10 11 12 13 15 16 17 19 20 21 23 24 25 hereof this Section 14 shall survive termination employment Executive. In addition, all obligations Company to make payments hereunder any Agreement on terms conditions set forth herein.
In the event of a Change in Control (as defined Plan), surviving, continuing, successor, or purchasing entity parent thereof, as case may be (the “Acquiror”), may, without consent Optionee, either assume Company’s rights and obligations under outstanding Options substitute for substantially equivalent options Acquiror’s stock. Acquiror elects not to connection with Control, Committee shall provide that any unexercised and/or unvested portions immediately exercisable vested full date thirty (30) days prior Control. The exercise vesting Option was permissible solely by reason this Section 11 conditioned upon consummation Any which are assumed nor exercised time terminate cease effective
Except as provided in Section 6(i), all notices required or permitted hereunder shall be writing and deemed effectively given upon personal delivery five calendar days after deposit the United States Post Office, by registered certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed to other party hereto at, for Company, its primary business address (attention: Chief Administrative Officer and, Participant, at Participant’s home reflected records of such addresses either designate accordance with this 6(f).
Promptly, and in any event within five Business Days after an officer of the Company or its Subsidiaries obtains knowledge Knowledge thereof, notice (i) occurrence which constitutes a Default Event ( provided such is continuing) (ii) litigation governmental investigation proceeding pending threatened (x) against which, either individually aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have Material Adverse Effect (y) with respect Document.
The Employment Letter is hereby terminated, effective as of the Effective Date, and shall thereafter be no further force effect. This Agreement, RGAs, Non-ISO Agreement ISO Agreements constitute full entire understanding agreement Parties with regard to subjects hereof supersede in their entirety all other or prior agreements, whether oral written, respect thereto.
Whenever any notice or other communication (a “Delivery”) is required to be given delivered under the terms of this Pledge Agreement, it shall in writing and by hand delivery Federal Express registered certified United States mail, postage prepaid return receipt requested, will deemed have been on date such so delivered. Any Delivery Borrower addressed Royal Energy Resources, Inc., 56 Broad Street, Suite 2, Charleston, SC 29401, address as may hereafter designate Lender writing; Rhino Resource Partners, LP, 424 Lewis Hargett Circle, 250, Lexington, KY 40503, writing.
The laws of the State California will govern all matters relating to this Plan, except extent it is superseded or preempted by United States. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding between parties hereto supersedes all prior agreements undertakings, whether oral or written, pertaining to subject matter hereof, including, without limitation, Letter Agreement.
During the term of Executive’s employment, and excluding any periods vacation sick leave to which Executive is entitled, agrees devote substantially all his business time affairs Company and, extent necessary discharge responsibilities assigned hereunder, use reasonable best efforts perform faithfully, effectively efficiently such responsibilities. it shall not be a violation this Agreement for (1) serve on corporate, civic or charitable boards committees, (2) deliver lectures fulfill speaking engagements, (3) manage personal investments, so long as activities do interfere with performance an employee in accordance Agreement.
Executive will not make any statement, written or verbal, to person entity, including in forum media, take action, disparagement of the Company, Board, their respective current, former future Affiliates, shareholders, partners, managers, members, officers, directors, employees, franchisors franchisees foregoing (each, a “Company Party”), negative references about Company Party’s services, policies, practices, documents, methods doing business, strategies, objectives, other action that may disparage Party general public and/or clients, franchisees, potential suppliers, investors, business partners partners. Former Affiliates are third party beneficiaries Executive’s obligations under this Section 6(g).
The Executive shall serve as the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Company agrees to perform services for such other affiliates Company, described in Section 2.3 herein. In the event that any provision or portion of this Agreement is determined to be invalid unenforceable for reason, in whole part, remaining provisions shall unaffected thereby and remain full force effect fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
This Agreement is personal to you and may not be assigned by you. will inure the benefit of binding upon Company its respective successors assignees, any such successor or assignee deemed substituted for under this all purposes. As used herein, terms “successor” “assignee” include person entity that at time, whether purchase, merger otherwise, directly indirectly acquires ownership which assigns operation law otherwise.
Maker shall pay all Obligations in lawful money of the United States immediately available funds, free and clear of, without deduction or offset for, any present future taxes, levies, imposts, charges, withholdings, liabilities with respect thereto; other defenses, offsets, set-offs, claims, counterclaims, credits, deductions kind. Maker’s obligations under this Note are absolute unconditional, completely independent circumstances whatsoever than as expressly described Note.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Administrative Agent an Assignment Acceptance, together with a processing recordation fee of $5,000; provided that may, in its sole discretion, elect waive such case any assignment. assignee, if it is not Lender, Questionnaire. Each of the parties hereto shall execute and deliver, at reasonable request other party hereto, such additional documents, instruments, conveyances assurances take further actions as may reasonably to carry out provisions hereof give effect transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Administrative Agent an Assignment Assumption, together with a processing recordation fee of $4,500 for (or $7,500 any respect Defaulting Lender pursuant Section 3.9(h), which fee, in case, may, its sole discretion, elect waive), assignee, if it is not Lender, Questionnaire. If requested by transferor or upon consummation assignment, Borrower make appropriate arrangements so that new Notes are issued assignee such as appropriate.
During the term of her employment under this Agreement, Executive shall be permitted to participate in any group life, hospitalization or disability insurance plans, health (including dental) programs, pension and profit sharing plans similar benefits that may available other senior executives Company generally, on same terms as applicable such executives, each case extent is eligible programs. Trust, applicable, maintain customary liability for trustees officers list a covered officer.
If the Term Facility is increased in accordance with this Section, Administrative Agent and Borrowers shall determine (i) final allocation of such increase among Increasing Lenders Schedule 2.01 be automatically updated to reflect same (ii) effective date (the “ Loan Increase Effective Date ”) any increase. The promptly notify Company Date.
There is no action, suit, or proceeding, judicial, administrative, otherwise (including any condemnation similar proceeding), pending or, to the best knowledge of Mortgagor, threatened contemplated against, affecting, Mortgagor Mortgaged Property which would have a material adverse effect on either Mortgagor’s ability perform Secured Obligations. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, amended, supplemented or modified, unless such waiver, amendment, supplement modification is in writing and signed by the authorized representative Party against whom it sought to enforce modification.
For a period of one year following your Transition Date, you will refrain from any disparaging statements about the Company and its officers, directors affiliates; provided, however, that foregoing requirement under this Section 9 not apply to make in addressing made by Company, officers and/or regarding or performance as an employee so long are, good faith judgment, truthful; provided further truthful testimony are required law provide, including response subpoena. The agrees instruct CEO Rob Glaser (“RealNetworks CEO”) for same which subject non-disparagement 9; RealNetworks makes such his is
If the Closing occurs, provisions of this Agreement shall survive for applicable statute limitations. Provided that it has not been revoked pursuant to Section 6 hereof, this Release will become effective on the eighth (8th) day after date of its execution by Employee (the “Effective Date”). This Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws, but not choice of law rules, Commonwealth Massachusetts. Executive consents to personal and exclusive jurisdiction venue in
By signing this Letter Agreement you acknowledge that the release provisions of Paragraph 5(a) include a waiver and all claims may have under Age Discrimination in Employment Act 1967 (29 U.S.C. § 621 et seq.). Each Credit Party maintains insurance as required under Section 5.1 hereof. Schedule 6.18 hereto sets forth all carried by the Parties on Closing Date, setting in detail amount and type of such insurance.
All claims by the Executive for benefits under this Agreement shall be directed in writing to and determined Committee, which give full consideration evidentiary standards set forth Agreement. Any denial Committee of a claim delivered specific reasons provisions relied upon. The afford reasonable opportunity review decision denying further allow appeal within sixty (60) days after notification that Executive’s has been denied. dispute or controversy arising connection with settled exclusively arbitration Minneapolis, Minnesota accordance rules American Arbitration Association then effect. Judgment may entered on arbitrator’s award any court having jurisdiction.
The Company shall to the fullest extent permitted by Company's certificate of incorporation and bylaws in effect from time time, subject conditions thereof, indemnify Executive against expenses, judgments, fines, settlements, other amounts actually reasonably incurred connection with any proceedings him arising reason fact that is or was an agent employee Company.
GUARANTOR, AND, BY ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, BENEFICIARY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, INTENTIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO A TRIAL JURY IN LITIGATION BASED HEREIN, ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, RESPECT OF THIS GUARANTY, COURSE CONDUCT, DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL WRITTEN) ACTIONS GUARANTOR. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Delaware, without regard to conflict law principles which would result application another jurisdiction.
To the extent any provision of this Agreement is prohibited by or invalid under applicable law jurisdiction, such shall be ineffective only to prohibition invalidity and in without prohibiting invalidating other jurisdiction remaining provisions jurisdiction. Without limiting foregoing Section 11.11 , if that enforceability relating Defaulting Lenders limited Debtor Relief Laws, as determined good faith Administrative Agent Fronting Lenders, applicable, then deemed effect not so limited.
Executive shall serve as the Company’s President and Chief Officer. (i) report solely to Board of Directors Company (the “Board”), (ii) be most senior executive officer Company; (iii) have all other executives employees him (directly indirectly); (iv) responsible for general management affairs Company, including but not limited decisions regarding strategic direction its products services (with approval Board) hiring, promotion, firing compensation non-officer employees; (v) such duties, responsibilities authorities are customarily associated with position chief a company size nature additional duties consistent his may, from time time, assigned by Board.
This Employment Agreement may be executed in more than one (1) counterpart and each shall considered an original. Each Active Participant’s Deferral Election will remain in effect accordance with its original terms until the earliest of (i) date Participant ceases to be a Covered Employee, (ii) revokes such Election, or (iii) Retirement Committee modifies Election.
The parties shall be entitled to enforce their rights under this letter agreement specifically recover damages by reason of any breach provision and exercise all other existing in favor. agree acknowledge that money may not an adequate remedy for the provisions party its sole discretion apply court law or equity competent jurisdiction specific performance and/or injunctive relief (without posting a bond security without need prove irreparable harm) order prevent violation agreement.
This Mortgage is intended to be performed in the State of Texas and substantive Law such or United States America shall govern validity, construction, enforcement interpretation this Mortgage, unless otherwise specified herein, except that extent state which a portion Mortgaged Property located (or applicable Property) necessarily or, sole discretion Mortgagee, appropriately governs with respect procedural matters relating creation, perfection Liens other rights remedies Mortgagee granted Laws apply as subject of) state.
Any notice necessary under this Award Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its Vice President, Legal at principal executive office and Participant address appearing personnel records for or either party such other as hereto may hereafter designate writing other. deemed effective upon receipt thereof by addressee.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS REGARDING CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE, JURY TRIAL WAIVER, JURISDICTION SET FORTH IN ARTICLE 10 CREDIT AGREEMENT, SUCH ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE, MUTATIS MUTANDIS . No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived, unless such amendment waiver is agreed to in writing, signed by Employee and a duly authorized officer the Company. any party hereto breach another condition performed other will deemed similar dissimilar at same time, prior time subsequent time.
Each Lender, upon execution and delivery hereof or succeeding to an interest in the Commitments Loans, as case may be, represents warrants of Closing Restatement Effective Date Assignment that (i) it is Eligible Assignee; (ii) has experience expertise making investing commitments loans such applicable be; (iii) shall make invest in, its Loans for own account ordinary course without a view distribution within meaning Securities Act Exchange other federal securities laws (it being understood that, subject provisions this Section 10.06 , disposition any interests therein at all times remain exclusive control).
The issuance of shares Common Stock pursuant to the Award shall be subject compliance by Company and Participant with all Applicable Laws relating thereto. This instruments may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed original, but all taken together constitute one and the same instrument.
This Assignment (including the recitals to this which are incorporated herein) and Agreement set forth entire understanding agreement of parties hereto, shall supersede any other agreements understandings (written or oral) between Assignor Assignee on prior date with respect matters herein. No amendment modification terms Assignment, waiver covenant, obligation, breach default under termination (other than as expressly provided in Assignment), be valid unless writing executed delivered by Assignee.
This Warrant may be modified or amended the provisions hereof waived only by a written instrument executed and delivered duly authorized officer of Company Holder. No waiver shall effective unless it is in writing signed an representative waiving party. To the Knowledge of Buyer, no representation or warranty in this Agreement contains any untrue statement a material fact omits to state necessary make representations and warranties made herein not misleading light circumstances under which they were made.
THIS AGREEMENT, THE NOTES, AND OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REFERRED TO HEREIN EMBODY FINAL, ENTIRE AGREEMENT AMONG PARTIES HERETO SUPERSEDE ANY ALL PRIOR COMMITMENTS, AGREEMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS UNDERSTANDINGS, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, RELATING SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED VARIED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS DISCUSSIONS HERETO. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN THERETO.
If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to invalid, illegal unenforceable for reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability remaining (including, without limitation, each portion Section containing such unenforceable, that is not itself unenforceable) in way affected impaired thereby; (b) deemed reformed extent necessary conform applicable law give maximum effect intent parties hereto; (c) fullest possible, construed so as manifested thereby.
Section 8 , 9 10 and 12 hereto will remain in full force effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf the Indemnified Party officer, director controlling Person such survive transfer securities. All public announcements relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby will be made only as may agreed upon by Seller and Purchaser required applicable law. If disclosure notice is law, disclosing party use its best efforts give other prior written of made.
This Agreement, together with the Exhibits hereto, Co-Promotion Supply Quality Pharmacovigilance Agreement and any thereto, DOP, as updated, sets forth entire agreement understanding between Parties to subject matter hereof merges all prior discussions negotiations them, neither of shall be bound by conditions, definitions, warranties, understandings or representations respect such other than expressly provided herein duly set on subsequent date in writing signed a proper authorized officer representative Party thereby.
The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by Company issuance sale Securities will not conflict with or result in a breach violation any terms provisions of, constitute default under (i) Company’s Certificate Incorporation Bylaws, both as effect on date hereof (true complete copies which have been made available to Investor through EDGAR system), (ii)(a) statute, rule, regulation order governmental agency body court, domestic foreign, having jurisdiction over Company, Subsidiary their respective assets properties, (b) agreement instrument is party bound properties subject.
Notwithstanding Section 13 or any other provision in this Agreement the Plan to contrary, because Company is headquartered State of Ohio, provisions 12 shall be governed by, and construed accordance with, laws Ohio without regard choice law rules state, including state which Participant works. There is no action, suit or proceeding pending to Seller’s Knowledge threatened which (i) if adversely determined, would not be covered by insurance (subject the payment of a customary deductible) affect Property, (ii) challenges impairs ability execute, deliver perform this Agreement consummate transaction contemplated hereby.
The “ Term ” of this Lease is the Initial plus all Renewal Terms, and a Year twelve month period commencing on January 1 each year Term; provided, however, first shall commence 22, 2015 end 31, 2016, commences ends 2030, may be extended for four (4) separate Terms five (5) years if: (a) at least (12), but not more than fifteen (15) months prior to then current Term, Tenant delivers Landlord Notice that it desires exercise its right extend one (1) (b) there no Event Default date receives (the Exercise Date ”) or last day Term.
Each Party hereby warrants, represents and covenants that it is a duly organized existing company under the respective laws of its jurisdiction incorporation has full rights, power authority pursuant to corporate charter, articles /or by-laws enter into perform all obligations this Agreement. further in exercising any and/or rights performing Agreement, each Representatives will act accordance with by-laws.
Notwithstanding anything in this Separation Agreement to the contrary, Novogratz shall continue have all rights (i) director’s and officer’s insurance on same basis as was applicable him prior Resignation Date with respect his service a director or officer of Company its affiliates (ii) under Indemnification dated February 8, 2007, by between Fortress Investment Group LLC Novogratz.
Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations such Lender, including assignment Federal Reserve Bank (or other applicable central bank); provided that no shall release from hereunder substitute pledgee assignee for as party hereto.
(i) Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, any Purchaser may sell to one or more Persons (each a “ Participant ”) participating interests in the of such hereunder; , that no shall grant participation under which have rights approve amendment waiver this Agreement other Transaction Document. Such remain solely responsible for performing its obligations hereunder, and Seller, Servicer, each Agent Administrator continue deal directly with connection Purchaser’s hereunder. A not agree restrict right hereto, except amendments require consent all Purchasers.
The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain entire understanding of parties respect to subject matter hereof supersede all prior agreements understandings, oral or written, such matter, which acknowledge have been merged into documents, schedules; provided that foregoing shall not any effect on a Purchaser has entered Company its Subsidiaries date investment made by in Company.
The parti es agree that this Third Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original and all together constitute but one the same instrument. Signatures to delivered by facsimile or other for m electronic transmission will binding as originals. The Company shall pay the Executive an annual rate of base salary $375,000 (the “ Base Salary ”) in periodic installments accordance with Company’s customary payroll practices, but no less frequently than monthly.
This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto on any number separate counterparts, and all said counterparts taken together shall deemed to constitute same instrument. Delivery an counterpart a signature page this telecopy, e-mailed .pdf other electronic means that reproduces image actual effective as delivery manually Amendment.
This Agreement (including all schedules and exhibits hereto Sales Notices issued pursuant hereto) any Terms supersede prior agreements understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company Manager with respect to subject matter hereof. This Agreement, together with all Exhibits and the BAA, constitutes sole entire agreement between Parties solely respect to subject matter hereof, supersedes prior contemporaneous understandings agreements, both written oral, such matter. There are no representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings hereof other than those expressly set forth herein.
At any time and from to time, upon the written request of Lender at sole expense Borrower, Borrower shall promptly duly execute deliver all such further instruments documents take action as may reasonably deem desirable (a) obtain full benefits this Agreement other Loan Documents, (b) protect, preserve maintain Lender’s rights in Collateral, or (c) enable exercise powers herein granted.
The term of the Employee’s employment with Company under this Agreement will commence on Start Date and continue until third (3 rd ) anniversary thereof, unless is earlier terminated by Employee or Company, in either case without “Cause” (as such defined Section 9(c)) reason (the employment, “ Term ”). After expiration initial Term, shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year periods each Date, party to gives written notice non-renewal other at least sixty (60) days prior applicable Date. acknowledges that hereunder terminable will, subject terms conditions herein.
Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing, sent registered certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed to the Board and Company at Company’s then principal office, Executive Executive’s last address on file with Company, as case may be, such other addresses any party hereto from time specify writing for purpose of a given parties compliance section. Notices deemed when received.
The authorized capital of the Company consists 75,000,000 shares common stock, par value $0.001, which a total 10,720,000 are issued and outstanding (the “Issued Outstanding Common Stock”) Issued Stock has been duly authorized, issued, fully paid nonassessable, free clear all liens, charges, pledges, security interests, encumbrances, right first refusal, preemptive or other restriction. No person, firm corporation any right, agreement, warrant option, present future, contingent absolute, capable becoming agreement option to require issue in its convert securities company into Company.
From and after the Effective Date, Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect Assigned Interest (including of principal, interest, fees, commissions other amounts) to Assignor for amounts which have accrued but excluding Date Assignee from Date. This Agreement and the rights obligations of parties hereto Persons subject shall be governed by, construed interpreted in accordance with, laws State Delaware, without giving effect to choice law principles thereof.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF STATE NEW YORK. This Agreement may be amended only by a written agreement executed and delivered Seller Purchaser. Notwithstanding any compensation arrangements entered into between the Bank and Administrator member, no fee or shall be paid to person for service on Committee with respect administration of Plan.
During the Employment Term, Executive shall serve as Company’s Chief Accounting Officer and Controller. In such position, have duties, authority responsibility be determined from time to by Board of Directors Company (the “Board”) or Financial Company, which are consistent with position Controller Company. Evergreen contract, the term of this Agreement (the “Term”) shall be for a period five (5) years, commencing on Effective Date and renew upon completion achieving annual goal creating perpetual agreement in effect.
The Executive represents and warrants that the is not bound by any employment contract, restrictive covenant, or other restriction subject to limitation preventing from carrying out Executive's responsibilities for Company, which in way inconsistent with terms of this Agreement. further shall disclose Company induce use confidential proprietary information material belonging previous employer others.
EACH OF LENDER AND BORROWER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY ALL RIGHTS SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO DEMAND THAT ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT IN WAY RELATED THIS AGREEMENT THE RELATIONSHIPS PARTIES HERETO BE TRIED BY JURY. WAIVER EXTENDS A TRIAL JURY UNDER COMMON LAW APPLICABLE STATUTE, LAW, RULE REGULATION. FURTHER, ACKNOWLEDGES IS KNOWINGLY VOLUNTARILY WAIVING PARTY’S RIGHT
Unless otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, each Party will bear all of its own costs and expenses incurred connection with Agreement or performance hereunder, including any development costs, sales marketing support costs. The effective date of your new position will be May 12, 2016. The date of this Agreement, for purposes performance, shall be the when last one Seller or Purchaser has signed and delivered Agreement (the “ Effective Date ”).
All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement interpretation of this Agreement Disclosure Schedules Exhibits hereto shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, laws State Delaware without giving effect to any choice law or conflict rules provisions (whether other jurisdiction) that would cause application jurisdiction than Delaware. In furtherance foregoing, internal control construction (and hereto), even though under jurisdiction’s analysis, substantive some may ordinarily apply.
This Amendment will become effective upon (a) its execution by the Parties, (b) evidence, as reasonably requested Purchaser, of due and delivery this Companies power authority to enter into Amendment, (c) receipt in immediately available funds, (i) One Hundred Forty Thousand Dollars ($140,000) a restructuring fee, (ii) an amount equal all other reasonable fees expenses (including attorneys’ expenses) incurred Purchaser connection with preparation, negotiation Amendment.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned, in whole part, by party hereto (whether operation Law otherwise) without prior written consent other party; provided that notwithstanding foregoing, (a) Company permitted to assign and its successor surviving entity merger, business combination transaction involving a change control (b) Section 8.08 not prohibit Transfer under 5.02 ; , further event such assignment pursuant clause (b), Investor will remain liable for all Agreement.
Landlord shall carry, at Landlord’s expense, first party commercial property insurance on the Leased Property. Tenant is solely responsible for carrying adequate all Tenant’s personal including, but not limited to, equipment, furniture, scientific devices, supplies, items, or other items installed and belonging to located within Property, in addition described Section 21 of this lease.
Except as set forth on Schedule 6.10 , the Borrower shall not, nor it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into Sale and Leaseback Transaction, other than Transactions in respect of which Net Cash Proceeds received connection therewith does not exceed $10,000,000 aggregate during fiscal year Borrower, determined a consolidated basis for its Subsidiaries.
Except as specified on Schedule 7.14.13 , to Spectrum’s Knowledge, no Actions concerning the Licensed IP or Business Domain Names are currently pending are, threatened, in Territory that, if determined adversely Spectrum, would have a Material Adverse Effect Contemplated Transactions impair any material respect Purchaser’s rights under licenses granted Section 2.1.1.
The Borrower shall pay, and cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to prior delinquency, all taxes, assessments governmental levies except such as are contested in good faith by appropriate negotiations or proceedings where the failure make payment could not reasonably be expected, individually aggregate, result a Material Adverse Effect. All amounts payable under this Agreement shall be paid less deductions and income payroll tax withholdings as may required applicable law any property (including shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock), benefits perquisites provided to you taxable law.
Each Borrower Party and each Subsidiary of a is in compliance with all Applicable Laws the provisions its certificate incorporation or formation by-laws other governing documents except where failure to be could not reasonably expected have Materially Adverse Effect, no event has occurred failed occur which been remedied waived, occurrence non-occurrence constitutes Default.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS AGREEMENT OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT THEORY). (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 11.15 .
In this Agreement, words in the singular are deemed to include plural and vice versa of one gender other as context requires. The terms “hereof,” “herein,” “hereto,” “hereby,” “herewith” similar import will, unless otherwise stated, be construed refer Agreement taken a whole not any particular provision Agreement. Article Section references Articles Sections specified. table contents headings contained for convenience reference purposes only do affect way meaning or interpretation word “including” when used means “including, without limitation,” requires “or” is exclusive.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) tenth anniversary date this or (ii) as which (A) all Registrable Securities have been sold pursuant to a Registration Statement (but in no event prior applicable period referred Section 4(3) Act and Rule 174 thereunder) (B) Vendors holding are permitted sell under 144 (or any similar provision) without limitation on amount securities manner sale. The provisions 3.5 Article IV survive termination.
Except as may otherwise be permitted under Code §401(a)(13)(C), or a Qualified Domestic Relations Order Section 8.9, 7.1 relating to loans Participants, no right claim to, interest in, any part of the Trust, payment from will assignable transferable, subject sale, mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, commutation, anticipation, garnishment, attachment, execution, levy kind, and Trustees not recognize attempt assign, transfer, sell, hypothecate, commute, anticipate same, except extent required by law.
This Agreement, the Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement previously entered into by between Company Executive indemnification agreement represent entire understanding concerning Executive’s employment relationship with Company, supersede replace any all prior agreements understandings Company. Sections 6.02, 6.03, 6.07, 6.08, 6.09, 6.10 and 6.12 of the Investment Agreement are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis .
The Borrower will not, nor it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or to the knowledge Borrower, indirectly, use proceeds Credit Event, lend, contribute otherwise make available such Subsidiary, joint venture partner other individual entity, fund facilitate activities business with entity that, at time funding, is target Sanctions (target and/or subject sanctions signifying a person whom obliged comply applicable regulations would be prohibited restricted by law from engaging in certain transactions) Designated Jurisdiction, each case, unless authorized relevant authority, manner that result violation party hereto (including participating transaction, whether as Lender, Administrative Agent, Agents, Letter Issuer, Swingline otherwise) Sanctions.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed enforced under in accordance with the laws of State Tennessee, without regard to or application principles conflicts laws. The Parties agree that any appropriate state court located Williamson County, Tennessee federal for Middle District have exclusive jurisdiction case controversy arising connection this a proper forum which adjudicate such controversy. consent waive objection venue courts.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each which when so delivered shall an original, but all together constitute one same instrument. A set lodged with Borrower Successor Administrative Agent. Delivery counterpart facsimile or electronic transmission as effective delivery original counterpart.
The Company shall have obtained in a timely fashion any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations waivers necessary for consummation of the purchase sale Securities. This Agreement will become effective only if it is fully executed on or before July 28, 2016, and, that date, the date of execution be Effective Date Agreement.
The JSC will have only the powers assigned expressly to it in this Article 3 and elsewhere Agreement, not any power amend, modify or waive compliance with Agreement. In furtherance thereof, each Party retain rights, discretion granted under Agreement no such be delegated vested unless delegation vesting of rights is provided for Parties so agree writing.
The representations and warranties made by the Corporation in Section 4 hereof shall be true correct when made, at time of Initial Closing with same force effect as if they had been Closing. Any term or provision of this Guarantee that is invalid unenforceable in any situation jurisdiction will not affect the validity enforceability remaining terms and provisions hereof offending other jurisdiction.
All distributions under the Plan shall be subject to withholding of all applicable taxes and Committee may condition delivery any Shares or other benefits on satisfaction obligations. Except as otherwise provided by Committee, such obligations satisfied (a) through cash payment Participant; (b) surrender that Participant already owns, (c) which is entitled Plan; provided, however, except specifically clause not used satisfy more than Company’s minimum statutory obligation.
In the event that Closing shall not have occurred with respect to a Buyer on or before five (5) Business Days from date hereof due Company's such Buyer's failure satisfy conditions set forth in Sections 6 and 7 above (and nonbreaching party's waive unsatisfied condition(s)), party option terminate this Agreement breaching at close of business by delivering written notice effect each other without liability any party; provided , however if is terminated pursuant Section 8, Company remain obligated reimburse Hudson Bay its designee(s), as applicable, for expenses described 4(g) above.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of parties named herein their respective successors permitted assigns. No Party may assign either this or any his its rights, interests, obligations hereunder without prior written approval Parent, Buyer, Shareholder Seller; provided, however, that Buyer (i) all rights interests one more affiliates, (ii) designate affiliates perform (in which cases nonetheless remain responsible for performance hereunder), (iii) collaterally lenders Buyer.
The Purchasers agree that the provision of any information, records or other access by Company to a Purchaser pursuant Section 3.3(a) shall be subject Non-Disclosure Agreement. Subject to the entry of DIP Financing Orders and subject terms thereof, no event has occurred condition exists which would, upon or immediately after execution delivery this Agreement any Borrower’s performance hereunder, constitute a Default an Event Default.
Each of the provisions this Agreement constitutes independent and separable covenants. Any portion that is determined by a court competent jurisdiction to be overly broad in scope, duration, or area applicability conflict with any applicable statute rule will deemed, if possible, modified altered so it not or, omitted from Agreement. The invalidity affect validity remaining sections
All references to the singular shall be deemed include plural and vice versa where context so requires. This Agreement is the agreement referred to in Article 7.4 of Plan. If there any conflict between Plan and this Agreement, provisions will control. Any dispute or disagreement which arises under way relates interpretation construction be resolved by Administrator decision final, binding conclusive for all purposes.
This Guaranty shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of parties hereto their respective successors, assigns legal representatives; provided , however that Guarantor may not, without prior written consent Lender, assign any its rights, powers, duties or obligations hereunder. If consists more than one person party, liabilities each such party joint several.
Other than as set forth in the Prospectus, Company and its Subsidiaries carry, or are covered by, insurance such amounts covering risks is prudent, reasonable customary for companies engaged similar businesses industries; neither nor has received notice from any insurer agent of that substantial capital improvements other expenditures will have to be made order continue insurance; all outstanding full force effect cancellation proposed relating insurance.
If the Executive commits a breach or threatens to any of provisions Section 5.1 5.2 hereof, Company shall have right seek this Agreement specifically enforced by injunction otherwise court having jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that such may cause irreparable injury in addition money damage damages alone not provide complete adequate remedy Company, further rights remedies be to, lieu of, other available under law equity.
The benefits payable to the Participant under Plan shall not be subject alienation, transfer, assignment, garnishment, execution or levy of any kind and attempt cause so subjected recognized. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of parties hereto with respect to obligations addressed herein supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral written agreements regarding subject matter hereof, except that Nondisclosure between Employee Advisor dated as September 26, 2016 shall remain in full force effect accordance its terms.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall deemed an original, but all constitute one and the same agreement. The Borrower shall (and cause each Party to) not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist (a) any Lien on of its Property (including Collateral) except for Permitted Liens (b) Capital Stock, the granted under Security Documents.
There shall not exist any action, suit, investigation or proceeding pending to the knowledge of PRA, threatened in court before an arbitrator Governmental Authority that could reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. This Retirement Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed to an original but all together constitute and the same instrument.
Except for (a) the Security Interest granted to Collateral Agent benefit of Secured Parties pursuant this Agreement and (b) Liens permitted by Credit Agreement, such Grantor owns each item free clear any all or claims others. No security agreement, financing statement other public notice with respect part that evidences a Lien securing material Indebtedness is on file record in office, except as (i) have been filed favor (ii) are (iii) relate obligations no longer outstanding commitments lend which terminated.
The rights and remedies of the parties to this Agreement are cumulative not alternative. Neither failure nor any delay by either party in exercising right, power, or privilege under will operate as a waiver such privilege, no single partial exercise preclude other further privilege. To maximum extent permitted applicable law, (a) that may be given except specific instance for which it is given; (b) notice demand on one deemed obligation right giving take action without provided Agreement.
(a) For purposes of this Section 2.20 , the term “applicable law” includes FATCA. This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of State Kansas. The Company authorized capital consists of 300,000,000 shares Common Stock and 10,000,000 preferred stock, undesignated as to series. No stock have been issued or are outstanding. Schedule I annexed hereto sets forth the number outstanding all securities convertible into, exchangeable exercisable for, Stock.
You agree that you will at all times promptly disclose to the Company (which, for purposes of this Section 7, include and any subsidiaries affiliates Company), in such form manner as may reasonably require, inventions, improvements or procedural methodological innovations, programs methods, forms, systems, services, designs, marketing ideas, products processes (whether not capable being trade-marked, copyrighted patented) conceived developed created by during connection with your employment hereunder which relate business (“ Intellectual Property ”). be sole property Company. further execute instruments perform acts requested transfer perfect legally protectable rights Property.
Borrower will not, and not permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume, or suffer exist, directly indirectly, Lien on with respect assets, kind, whether now owned hereafter acquired, income profits therefrom, except for Permitted Liens. Notwithstanding anything the contrary in this Agreement other Loan Documents, to, assume priority equal senior Liens created by Priority as set forth DIP Order.
The Borrowers maintain and each Subsidiary maintains (either in the name of applicable Borrower or such Subsidiary’s own name) insurance on all its Properties compliance with requirements Section 5.05 . The Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement (including all exhibits thereto, if any) constitute entire agreement of parties supersede in their entirety prior undertakings agreements Company its Subsidiaries Participant with respect to subject matter hereof.
Employer agrees to pay Employee during the Employment Term an annual base salary in amount of Three Hundred and Eighty Thousand US Dollars ($380,000) per Year less payroll deductions all required withholdings, or such higher as Compensation Committee Board shall from time determine. Employee’s be paid not frequently than semi-monthly accordance with Employer’s usual practices. The will review no once annually, have sole discretion increase decrease (subject next sentence hereof) salary. only may decreased connection a reduction program approved by Board, which affects executive officers Employer.
Except as provided in Paragraph 16 , this Agreement is the entire agreement between Parties. herein, supersedes any and all prior oral or written promises agreements Executive acknowledges that has not relied on promise, representation, statement other than those set forth Agreement. This cannot be modified except writing signed by
No delay or omission by the Company in exercising any right under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of that other right. A consent given on one occasion be effective only instance and not construed bar occasion. The term of this Agreement will begin as the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4 , continue until March 31, 2021.
The Company has all requisite power and authority to execute deliver this Agreement and, after giving effect the Shareholder Approval amendment Articles of Incorporation contemplated thereby, perform its obligations hereunder in accordance with terms hereof. execution, delivery performance by have been duly authorized necessary corporate action, including compliance Article ELEVENTH Incorporation. This been, at or prior Closing, will executed delivered Company, constitutes legal, valid binding obligation enforceable terms, except as enforceability may be limited applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium similar laws relating affecting enforcement creditors’ rights generally general equitable principles.
The Participant must pay the Company upon its demand amount equal to liability, if any, for withholding of federal, state or local income earnings tax any other applicable assessment (plus interest penalties thereon, caused by a delay in making such payment) incurred reason Participant’s exercise Option otherwise connection with Option. these obligations cash sale cover. If, on date exercise, is an executive officer, cash, Stock withholding, or, solely 10b5-1 plan approved company as required law, Non-U.S. Participants see Exhibit special rules.
Borrower represents that neither it nor Sponsor has dealt with any financial advisors, brokers, underwriters, placement agents, agents or finders in connection the transactions contemplated by this Agreement other than Goldman, Sachs & Co., Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Lazard Frères Co. LLC (and commissions payable therewith shall be paid solely Sponsor). indemnify hold Lender harmless from against all claims, liabilities, actual, documented out-of-pocket costs expenses kind way relating to arising a claim Person such acted on behalf Agreement. The provisions Section survive expiration termination repayment Indebtedness.
Each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that irreparable injury to the other would occur in event any of provisions this Agreement were not performed accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached such be adequately compensable by remedies available at law (including payment money damages). It is accordingly agreed each shall entitled enforcement of, injunctive relief prevent violation hereof, parties will take action, directly indirectly, opposition a seeking on grounds remedy equity, further agree waive requirement for posting bond security connection relief. This Section 4.1 exclusive Agreement.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between parties with respect to subject matter hereof and supersedes Employment all other prior agreements, written or oral, thereto. The article and section headings of this Agreement are for convenience only in no way limit or enlarge the scope meaning language hereof. This Agreement shall be for the benefit of, and binding upon, Carmike Executive their respective heirs, personal representatives, legal successors assigns, subject, however, to provisions in § 6.1 of this Agreement.
QLT has all legal right, power, authority and capacity to execute deliver this Voting Agreement, perform its obligations hereunder, consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement been duly validly executed delivered by or on behalf of and, assuming due authorization, execution delivery Stockholder, constitutes a legal, valid binding obligation QLT, enforceable against in accordance with terms (subject bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent transfer, moratorium other Laws relating limitations actions affecting availability equitable remedies enforcement creditors’ rights generally general principles equity).
To the knowledge of HCM, HCM has complied with all applicable statutes and regulations any federal, state, or other governmental entity agency thereof, except to extent that noncompliance would not materially adversely affect business, operations, properties, assets, condition result in occurrence material liability for HCM. This compliance includes, but is limited to, filing reports date federal state securities authorities.
The consummation of a Post-Closing Issuance pursuant to this Section 5.1 (the “ Participation Closing ”) shall take place on such date, at time and as the Company specify by notice each Exercising Stockholder, but in any event, not earlier than ten (10) Business Days prior date is provided Stockholder (unless otherwise agreed Stockholder). At Closing, be delivered certificates or other instruments evidencing Securities issued registered name holder’s designated nominee, with transfer tax stamps affixed, if applicable (other required reason being that Stockholder), against delivery consideration wire immediately available funds account accounts Company.
The validity, construction and effect of this Agreement, any determinations or decisions made by the Board relating to rights all persons having claiming have interest under shall be determined exclusively in accordance with laws State Tennessee, without regard its provisions concerning applicability other jurisdictions. Any suit respect hereto will brought federal state courts districts which include Greeneville, you hereby agree submit personal jurisdiction venue thereof.
Pursuant to Section 14.2 of the Plan, Company shall be entitled deduct from any payment made pursuant this Notice, minimum amount necessary satisfy all applicable income and employment taxes required withheld with respect such or may require Optionee remit tax prior as a condition making payment. The Company shall continue to employ Executive as a full-time employee of the effective Effective Date for period and in position set forth this Section 1, upon other terms conditions herein provided.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement, each Loan Party other Documents to which it is a party (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration filing with, action by, Governmental Authority, except those as have been obtained made are in full force effect, (b) will violate Requirements Law applicable its Subsidiaries judgment, order ruling (c) result default under indenture, agreement instrument binding on assets give rise right thereunder payment be (d) creation imposition Lien asset Subsidiaries, Liens (if any) permitted Section 7.2 .
Wolverine or one of its subsidiaries shall be entitled to (a) withhold and deduct from Employee’s future wages (or other amounts that may due owing Employee a subsidiary), make arrangements for the collection of, all legally required necessary satisfy any federal, state, local withholding employment-related tax requirements attributable Restricted Stock award under this Agreement, including, without limitation, vesting payments dividends with respect to, Stock; (b) require promptly remit amount such subsidiary before taking action Stock. Unless Committee provides otherwise, satisfied by common stock received delivery previously owned Wolverine.
Assignor hereby indemnifies Assignee from and against any loss, cost or expense, including attorney fees court costs relating the failure of to fulfill obligations tenant under Lease accruing prior Commencement Date. after The Company acknowledges that the Investor does not make any representation or warranty as to matter whatsoever except expressly set forth in this Agreement certificate delivered by accordance with terms hereof.
Each Buyer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and, where the concept of good standing recognized under corporate law, in Laws its jurisdiction organization. qualified to do business, standing, each which character properties owned or leased by it conduct business requires be so qualified, except failure would not have Material Adverse Effect on such and otherwise adversely affect ability consummate transactions contemplated herein comply with any provisions hereof.
If any portion of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, then both the Executive and Company desire that all other portions can separated from it or appropriately limited in scope shall remain fully valid enforceable. Each party’s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Agent any assignment rights by, of, a Lender L/C Issuer, termination Commitments and repayment, satisfaction discharge all other Loan Agreement Obligations.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate earlier of (a) three (3) years after such date or (b) written notice by either Party to other its decision discussions in connection with Purpose. Notwithstanding termination this Agreement, each Party’s nondisclosure obligations hereunder continue full force effect: case Confidential Information that constitutes a trade secret under applicable law, for as long remains secret; any Information, term five (5) from disclosure last portion Information.
(a) Commitment Fee . The Borrower agrees to pay each Lender a commitment fee on the average daily unused amount of such Lender’s (i) in case Effective Date, from Date or (ii) any that becomes after effective date specified Assumption Agreement Assignment and Acceptance pursuant which it became Lender, until, case, Termination (or, for avoidance doubt, Term-Out Date), payable quarterly arrears first Business Day January, April, July October during term Commitment, commencing April 1, 2016, at rate per annum equal Percentage effect time time.
The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to comply with all laws, rules, regulations orders any Governmental Authority applicable it or property (including without limitation Environmental Laws), in case except such instances which (i) law, rule, regulation order is being contested good faith by appropriate proceedings; (ii) where the failure do so, individually aggregate, would not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect. maintain effect enforce policies procedures designed ensure compliance Borrower, their respective directors, officers, employees agents Anti-Corruption Laws Sanctions.
(a) Upon and subject to the terms conditions of this Agreement, Sellers agree sell transfer Buyer or its designated subsidiaries Shares hereby agrees that it will pay $36,374,000, $6.50 per share, in aggregate as consideration for (the “ Transaction ”). The applicable number be sold by each Seller portion purchase price paid is set forth on Annex A Agreement.
The Borrower shall have paid to each applicable recipient all reasonable and invoiced fees expenses, including expenses of counsel the Administrative Agent, required be or reimbursed by Borrower. (a) Any provision of this letter agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective the extent prohibition unenforceability without invalidating remaining provisions hereof, and shall not invalidate render other jurisdiction.
The subscription hereunder may be revoked prior to the Closing thereon, provided that written notice of revocation is sent and received by Company or a Placement Agent at least three Business Days on such subscription. Purchaser hereby acknowledges agrees this Agreement shall survive death disability binding upon inure benefit parties their heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives permitted assigns. If more than one person, obligations joint several agreements, representations, warranties acknowledgments herein deemed made each person person’s
For each Plan Year in which the is a Top Heavy and any thereafter, Employer Contribution Account of Participant who has at least one (1) Hour Service after becomes completed three (3) or more years Vesting shall become fully vested nonforfeitable. As of the date this Second Amendment, Landlord represents and warrants that it does not require approval Holder any Mortgage (if any) in connection with Amendment.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 9 above, the execution of this Amendment and acceptance all other agreements instruments related hereto shall not be deemed to a waiver any Default or Event Default, whether known Lender existing on date Amendment. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall be deemed to limit or affect any the provisions hereof. language used in will chosen by parties express their mutual intent, no rules strict construction applied against party.
The Top Borrower will comply, and cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to with the requirements all applicable Requirements Law (including ERISA Environmental Laws, OFAC, USA PATRIOT Act, FCPA other anti-terrorism laws anti-money laundering laws), except extent failure or relevant Subsidiary comply could not reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that set forth in this Section 5.08 , as they pertain compliance by any Foreign ACT, are subject limited Requirement such local jurisdiction.
Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement, the Severance and Employment Agreement contain all understandings representations between Executive Employer pertaining to subject matter hereof supersede prior contemporaneous understandings, agreements, warranties, both written oral, with respect such matter. The Parties mutually agree that can be enforced in court cited as evidence legal proceedings alleging breach of or Agreement.
The proceeds of the Loans shall be used (i) to refinance indebtedness outstanding under Existing Credit Agreement, (ii) fund general corporate purposes including ongoing working capital, acquisitions, dividends and stock repurchases, (iii) for payment fees expenses in connection with acquisition (the “ LEY Acquisition ”) Faiveley Transport S.A. (“ ”).
Seller is a corporation duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws of State Ohio, qualified to transact business as foreign entity such jurisdictions where nature its Business makes qualification necessary, except failure qualify would not reasonably be expected have material adverse effect on or Purchased Assets, has all requisite corporate power authority own, lease operate Assets carry Business, now being conducted.
Change in Control . Any person or group of persons (within the meaning Section 13(d) Securities Exchange Act 1934, as amended) shall, directly indirectly, obtain beneficial ownership control one more series transactions than thirty percent (30%) common stock voting power Borrower entitled to vote election members board directors there shall have occurred under any indenture other instrument evidencing Permitted Senior Notes (if any) Debt excess $10,000,000 “change control” equivalent term (as defined such evidence Debt) obligating repurchase, redeem repay all part Capital Stock provided for therein (any event, a “ ”).
The term of this Agreement shall commence on November 10, 2013, and continue, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, until 9, 2021 (the “ First Term ”). Upon completion the and, if applicable, each Successive (as defined below) thereafter, either Party give a written notice non-renewal prior to ninety (90) days before expiration then current below), be renewed at end for successive one (1) year period (a ”), in accordance with Section 7 herein. Term, together is referred herein ”.
Such Originator has filed or caused to be all U.S. federal income tax returns and other material returns, statements, forms reports for taxes, domestic foreign, required by it paid taxes payable which have become due any assessments made against of its property fees charges imposed on Governmental Authority, except the extent that such are being contested in good faith appropriate proceedings reserves provisions, if any, as generally accepted accounting principles shall been made.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without effect whatsoever on the between Company other Purchasers, written notice parties, if Closing has not been consummated or before December 6, 2016; provided , however that no termination will affect right of party sue for breach (or parties).
In accordance with the limits set forth in Vermont Business Corporations Law and Delaware General Law, as applicable, Bank or any successor shall indemnify Executive Officer provided by Articles of Association Bylaws. This Section 6 shall survive the Closing. All amounts due under this Section 11.04 shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor (accompanied by back up documentation to the extent available).
This Guaranty (including the documents and instruments referred to herein) constitutes entire agreement between each Guarantor Lender supersedes all other prior agreements understandings, both written oral, with respect subject matter hereof; provided , however that this is in addition to, not substitution for, any guarantees from Lender. The Restricted Shares are being issued pursuant to the terms of Plan, and be interpreted in accordance therewith. Administrator will interpret construe this Agreement any action, decision, interpretation or determination made good faith by final binding on Company Grantee.
The Board of Directors shall have the right to terminate Executive’s employment and this Agreement at any time with or without Cause, Executive Good Reason; provided that obligations under Section 4(h), 5, 6 7 as otherwise implied terms survive termination Agreement. In event employment, Company provide Accrued Benefits, subject limitation specified in 5(c).
This Agreement may be executed in one (1) or more counterparts, all of which shall considered and the same agreement, become effective when counterparts have been signed by each Parties delivered to other Party. The provisions Section 10.1(d) Separation Distribution shall, for avoidance doubt, apply execution this Agreement. All agreements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any document delivered pursuant hereto shall be for the benefit of Warrantholder survive execution delivery Agreement.
The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence of insurance coverage in form, scope, and substance reasonably satisfactory to the otherwise compliance with applicable terms Loan Documents (including Section 5.09 this Agreement 4.11 U.S. Security Agreement), including certificates naming or Collateral as additional insured, loss payee lender payable, case may be, under all policies maintained by each Party.
This Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented only by a written instrument executed the party against which enforcement of amendment, modification supplement is sought. By its signature, each Person executing this Agreement on behalf of a party hereto represents and warrants to the other parties that it is duly authorized execute Agreement. The First Lien Collateral Agent binding upon Senior Secured Parties. Designated Second Priority Representative represent warrant Debt
Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and deemed sufficient upon delivery, when delivered personally overnight courier sent email fax (upon customary confirmation of receipt), 48 hours after being deposited the U.S. mail as certified registered with postage prepaid, addressed to Party notified at such Party’s address number set forth Purchase Schedules hereto, subsequently modified written notice.
The headings of the sections this Policy are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part Policy. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made in this Agreement shall, except to the extent otherwise provided herein, survive execution delivery of Agreement, shall continue full force effect until Discharge Senior Debt has occurred. The foregoing contrary notwithstanding, obligations each Obligor under Section 9 16 Debt.
This Agreement, the other Operative Documents and agreements documents referred to herein are intended by parties as a final expression of their agreement be complete exclusive statement understanding hereto in respect subject matter contained therein. There no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, than those set forth with rights granted Company any its Affiliates Purchaser therein supersede all prior understandings between such matter.
If any amendment to this Agreement is required give effect addition of Incremental Commitments or Loan made pursuant thereto in accordance with Section 2.15 , then such shall be effective if executed by the Parties, each Lender providing and Administrative Agent (each a “ Commitment Increase Amendment ”). The Company has no Subsidiaries other than those listed in Schedule 3.1(a ) hereto. Except as disclosed hereto, the owns, directly or indirectly, all of capital stock comparable equity interests each Subsidiary free and clear any Lien, issued outstanding shares interest are validly fully paid, non-assessable preemptive similar rights.
All Taxes (including any interest or penalties relating thereto) and assessments which are due payable have been duly reported, fully paid discharged as reported by the Company each of its Subsidiaries, there no unpaid are, could become, Subsidiary an Encumbrance on properties assets Subsidiary, except provided for in Financial Statements, incurred normal course business Subsidiaries since that date. Tax Returns their predecessors filed all paid. There disputes to nature predecessors.
When financing statements in the appropriate form are filed offices specified on Schedule 6 to Perfection Certificate, Patent Security Agreement, substantially of Exhibit II and Trademark III is United States Office Copyright IV Office, then, extent that Liens may be perfected by such filings, Agreement shall constitute a fully Lien all right, title interest grantors thereunder patents, trademarks, copyrights, licenses other intellectual property rights covered agreements, each case prior superior right any Person (it being understood subsequent recordings necessary perfect lien U.S. issued patent applications, registered trademark applications copyrights acquired Loan Parties after Closing Date).
The Company (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent ( i.e. , its assets have a fair market value in excess of amount required pay probable liabilities on existing debts as they become absolute and matured) currently has no information that would lead it reasonably conclude not, after transaction Agreement, ability to, nor does intend take any action impair from time incurred connection therewith such mature. did not receive qualified opinion auditors with respect most recent fiscal year end and, anticipate or know basis upon which might issue current year.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between parties hereto with respect to transactions contemplated herein, and it supersedes all prior discussions, understandings or agreements parties. Any exhibits and/or schedules attached are a part of this incorporated herein by reference. The acknowledge agree that there no third party beneficiaries other than Buyer’s Indemnified Parties.
If any benefits deliverable to the Executive under this Agreement have not been delivered at time of Executive’s death, such rights shall be estate. HHS places no restriction on the publication of Agreement. In addition, may be required to disclose material related this Agreement any person upon request consistent with applicable provisions Freedom Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552, and its implementing regulations, 45 C.F.R. Part 5.
This Agreement shall commence on _____ __, 20__ (the “Commencement Date”) and shall, subject to Section 2.2 below, continue until the third anniversary of Commencement Date. Upon completion Term, Employee may be employed by Company rules policies and/or parties enter into a new written agreement. This Plan constitutes the entire Officer Severance for Company and supersedes all previous representations, understandings plans with respect to officer severance, any such severance are hereby canceled terminated in respects.
Executive shall be entitled to participate in Employer’s various employee benefit plans as same may constituted from time time, including without limitation 401(k) Plan, the manner generally offered other senior management employees of Employer, subject terms and conditions plans, amended or terminated pursuant their determined by Company its sole discretion.
The Company shall comply in all material respects with laws, rules, regulations and orders of any governmental authority applicable to part the Collateral or operation Company's; provided , however that may contest such law, rule, regulation order reasonable manner which does not, opinion Company, adversely affect Secured Party's rights priority its liens on Collateral.
It is acknowledged by the parties hereto that all interest and other investment income earned on amounts deposit in Accounts for Federal, state local tax purposes shall be attributed to Borrower. The Borrower responsible determining any requirements paying taxes or reporting withholding payments hereunder. prepare file information required with respect Account Property (including providing Depositary Bank applicable information). agrees indemnify hold Bank, Collateral Agent First Lien Secured Parties harmless against liability and/or payments. Such indemnities survive termination discharge of this Agreement resignation removal either Agent. Neither nor have obligation making purposes.
No Loan Party is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation which could reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. Default Event of has occurred and continuing. The Employee and Company agrees to use the Laws of Texas enforce terms this Agreement matter shall be heard in Harris County, Texas. service personal jurisdiction
The validity, interpretation and enforcement of this Amendment No. 12 any dispute arising out the relationship between parties hereto, whether in contract, tort, equity or otherwise, shall be governed by internal laws State New York but excluding principles conflict other rule law that would cause application jurisdiction than York. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision this Agreement shall not affect other hereof, and be construed in all respects as if such invalid unenforceable was omitted. Furthermore, lieu illegal, invalid, there automatically added a part similar terms to may possible legal, valid, enforceable.
Subject to the terms of Intercreditor Agreement, if an Event Default shall have occurred and be continuing, then in every such case, Collateral Agent, addition any rights now or hereafter existing under applicable law other provisions this all as a secured creditor UCC, additional remedies which is entitled laws effect relevant jurisdictions when debtor default security agreement may exercise one more provided Section.
The proceeds of the Loans shall be used (i) to refinance all existing Indebtedness Borrowers under 2010 Note Documents, (ii) for payment fees, costs and expenses relating Loan Documents transactions contemplated thereby ( iii ii ) Permitted Acquisitions, JV Transactions ongoing working capital, capital expenditures other general company purposes, in each case extent permitted hereunder.
Borrower is not a party to any agreement or instrument subject restriction which might adversely affect the Property, Borrower’s business, properties, operations condition, financial otherwise. in default material respect performance, observance fulfillment of obligations, covenants conditions contained Permitted Encumbrance other it by Property bound. Any notice or filing required permitted to be given the Company under Plan shall sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered, sent by first class mail principal office of Company, directed attention Administrator. Such deemed as date delivery, or, delivery is made mail, shown on postmark.
THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER RELATED TO THE RIGHTS OBLIGATIONS OF PARTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, LAW STATE NEW YORK. SECTION 10.22 LOAN AGREEMENT IS HEREBY INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO APPLY HERETO. The failure of the Company to insist upon performance any terms and conditions in this Agreement, or prosecute breach shall not be construed thereafter as a waiver such conditions. This entire Agreement remain full force effect if no forbearance had occurred.
To the extent Products contain, employ, utilize or otherwise involve any materials, device, software, other matter that may be subject of protected by Intellectual Property Rights, Ecos hereby provides to Buyer a fully-paid, royalty-free, perpetual, sublicensable right and license exercise such rights fullest necessary for its perform obligations under this Agreement. Nothing in section shall alter affect which party have portion thereof applicable legal doctrine exhaustion, first sale, like.
The Board is authorized, subject to the provisions of Plan, establish, amend, and rescind such rules regulations as it deems necessary or advisable for proper administration Plan take other action in connection with relation advisable. Each determination made taken pursuant by Board, including any interpretation construction shall be final conclusive all purposes upon Persons. No member liable good faith respect Plan.
As of the Closing Date, Schedule 5.11 sets forth (a) name and jurisdiction each Subsidiary, (b) ownership interest Holdings, Borrower any other Subsidiary in including percentage such ownership, (c) identity whose Equity Interests are required to be pledged on Date pursuant Collateral Guarantee Requirement. The interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the substantive law State California, without application its conflict rules.
The Acquiree Company has all requisite authority and power (corporate other), authorizations, consents approvals to enter into this Agreement each of the Transaction Documents which is a party, consummate transactions contemplated by perform its obligations under record transfer Shares delivery new certificates representing registered in name Acquiror Company. execution, performance party have been duly authorized necessary corporate action do not require from Board Directors or Shareholder any consent approval that validly lawfully obtained. requires no authorization, consent, approval, license, exemption filing registration with Governmental Authority other Person.
(a) During the Term and thereafter, Employee shall not make any oral or written statement comment that disparages, diminishes injures, a reasonable person would expect at time such is made to likely have effect of disparaging, diminishing injuring, reputation goodwill Company its affiliates, their respective directors, officers employees; provided , however nothing herein prevent from (i) making truthful statements in good faith response governmental regulatory inquiry judicial, administrative other proceeding government investigation (ii) providing information may be required by applicable law.
This Subscription Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Commonwealth Kentucky. This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each which shall an original and all which, taken together, constitute a single instrument. executed by facsimile signature or other electronic imaging means, such signatures effective as originals.
Comply with all disclosure / filing requirements of applicable Law associated entering into the Guaranty and other Loan Documents, as applicable, comply Laws orders, writs, injunctions decrees to it or its business property, except in such instances which (i) requirement order, writ, injunction decree is being contested good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; (ii) failure therewith could not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
Each party consents to the other party’s use of term MANITOWOC in trademarks, service marks, domain names, trade names or social media identifiers used by such Fields Use. consenting further agrees not challenge, oppose object and registration within Use any trademark, mark, name, name identifier based upon graphical elements Common Mark and/or MANITOWOC.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on ____________ and end ____________, unless further extended or sooner terminated as hereinafter provided. be automatically renewed for additional one-year periods the Company notifies Executive three months prior to that not renewed. In no event, however, Executive's employment extend beyond date actual retirement under a plan Company.
This Agreement, including its attached Exhibits, constitutes the entire employment agreement between Menzel and Company regarding terms conditions of his employment, with exception those provisions 2008 Plan (and any predecessor plan) related award agreements incorporated by reference pursuant to Sections 5 7. Agreement supersedes all prior negotiations, representations or Company, whether written oral, concerning Menzel’s employment.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall be deemed to limit or affect any the provisions hereof. language used in will chosen by parties express their mutual intent, no rules strict construction applied against party. Each Grantor covenants and agrees that it shall perform all in this Section 4.03(b) .
The provisions of the AGP SERP may be amended at any time and from to by Compensation/Pension Committee for reason without either consent or prior notice Participant; provided, however, that no such amendment shall serve reduce benefit has accrued on behalf a Participant as effective date amendment. Notwithstanding foregoing, Administrative adopt it deem necessary appropriate (i) maintain compliance with current laws regulations; (ii) correct errors omissions in document; (iii) facilitate administration operation SERP.
You agree to keep the existence and terms of this Agreement confidential (unless it is made public by Company) provided that (1) you are authorized make any disclosure required federal, state or local laws judicial proceedings, after providing Company with prior written notice an opportunity respond such prohibited law), (2) your representatives agents may disclose all persons, without limitation kind, tax treatment structure materials kind (including opinions other analyses) relating structure, (3) in connection action enforce Agreement.
This Agreement shall be construed, enforced, and interpreted in accordance with the laws of State Delaware without regard to conflicts law provisions principles thereof. In the event of any merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization, extraordinary cash dividend, stock split or other change in corporate structure affecting Stock, number Restricted Stock Units subject to this Agreement shall be equitably and proportionately adjusted (without duplication Section 4 ) by Committee accordance with Plan.
This Agreement shall be subject to termination in the absolute discretion of Representative, by notice given Company prior delivery and payment for Securities, if at any time such (i) trading securities generally on New York Stock Exchange have been suspended or limited minimum prices established exchange; (ii) a banking moratorium declared either U.S. federal State authorities; (iii) there occurred outbreak escalation hostilities, declaration United States national emergency war other calamity crisis effect which financial markets is as make it, sole judgment impractical inadvisable proceed with offering Securities contemplated Disclosure Package Final Memorandum (exclusive amendment supplement thereto).
The failure of Landlord or Tenant to insist in any one more cases upon the strict performance observance covenants, agreements conditions this Lease exercise option herein contained shall not be construed as a waiver relinquishment for future performance, such covenant, agreement, condition option. No default hereunder implied from omission by take action on account default, and no covenant deemed waived unless is writing signed waiving party. One waivers breach term subsequent same condition.
No Loan Party shall directly or, to the knowledge of such Party, indirectly use proceeds any Loan, or lend, contribute otherwise make available Subsidiary, joint venture partner other individual entity, fund activities business with in Designated Jurisdiction, that, at time funding, is subject Sanctions, manner that will result a violation by entity (including participating transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent otherwise) Sanctions.
As an express condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Amendment, Company shall within 24 hours execution time being essence, pay $505,000.00 (the “ Payment Amount ”) Investor by wire transfer immediately available funds pursuant information previously provided Company. Headings and captions in this Mortgage are for convenience reference only the words phrases contained therein shall no way be held to explain, modify, amplify or aid interpretation, construction meaning of any provisions hereof.
All the accounts, books, registers, ledgers, Company Board minutes and financial other records of whatsoever kind have been fully, properly accurately kept completed; there are no material inaccuracies or discrepancies any contained reflected therein; they give reflect a true fair view financial, contractual legal position Company. The maintains system internal accounting controls sufficient, in judgment Company, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions executed accordance with management’s general specific authorizations, (ii) recorded as necessary permit preparation statements conformity U.S. GAAP maintain asset accountability.
Executive’s base salary shall be $215,000 per annum (the “ Base Salary ”), to paid in accordance with the Company’s customary payroll practices. (as defined below) will reviewed on an annual basis by Compensation Committee of Board ”) and may increased (or decreased as part substantially similar reductions applicable all executives) from time thereafter, at discretion Committee.
The Borrower, the Lenders party hereto, Administrative Agent and other parties hereto agree that on First Amendment Effective Date, Credit Agreement shall be amended restated in form of Amended Restated attached as Exhibit A (the “ ”) any term or provision which is different from set forth replaced superseded all respects by terms provisions Agreement.
IN THE EVENT THAT FOREGOING BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION IS DEEMED UNENFORCEABLE, AND THUS LENDER BORROWER ARE REQUIRED TO LITIGATE COURT, HEREBY WAIVE RIGHT ANY JURY TRIAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING BETWEEN PARTIES, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS AMENDMENT, AGREEMENT OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT BROUGHT BY EITHER PARTY AGAINST OTHER. Your rights and obligations under this letter agreement are personal to you may not be transferred by assignment or otherwise.
All consolidated financial statements for Borrower and its Subsidiaries, delivered to Collateral Agent fairly present, in conformity with GAAP, all material respects the condition of results operations Subsidiaries as dates periods presented . Lender understands that interim may not be audited subject ordinary course year-end adjustments, such sake example only, changes fair market value warrants. therefore agrees are considered draft form adjustment. There has been any deterioration since date most recent submitted Lender.
The Borrower agrees to pay all losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, in connection with the enforcement of Note, Loan Agreement any other instruments documents delivered herewith sustained as a result occurrence an Event Default by Borrower. No Default or Event of presently exists and is continuing. Until this Mortgage is discharged in full, all of the covenants and conditions hereof shall run with land be binding upon successors assigns Grantor, inure to benefit Bank. Any reference herein “Grantor” or “Bank” include their respective assigns.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TO FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY WITH RESPECT LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER IN CONNECTION THIS AGREEMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED AGREEMENT. (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO AGREEMENT, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
Any notices required or permitted hereunder shall be sent using any means (including personal delivery, courier, messenger service, facsimile transmission electronic transmission), if to the Key Person, at address set forth below such other as Person may designate in writing Company Person’s home no has been provided Company, and, of its headquarters Chicago, Attention: General Counsel, Person. Such notice deemed duly given when it is actually received by party for whom was intended.
Bank of America shall have received evidence that all boards directors, governmental, shareholder and material third party consents approvals necessary in connection with the Loan Documents been obtained. The Plan is binding on all persons entitled to benefits hereunder and their respective heirs legal representatives, the Committee its successor Company successor, whether by way of merger, consolidation, purchase or otherwise.
Borrower shall have paid all Taxes and Other Charges (including any in arrears) relating to the Project extent due payable as of Closing Date. The Company shall have the right to make, without prior approval, any SEC, OTCBB or FINRA filings, other public statements with respect transactions contemplated hereby as is required by applicable law and regulations.
The SEC Reports contain a complete and accurate list of all material contracts relating to the Company’s Intellectual Property Rights which Company is party or by bound, except for any license implied sale product perpetual, paid-up licenses commonly available software programs with value less than $10,000 under licensee. There are no outstanding and, knowledge, threatened disputes disagreements respect such agreement.
Throughout the Employment Period, Company shall pay Employee as compensation for her services an annual base salary of not less than Three Hundred Twenty Four Thousand Five Dollars ($324,500), payable in accordance with Company’s usual practices. Employee’s rate be reviewed by Compensation Committee Board Directors (the “Compensation Committee”) at least annually and may subject to adjustment following each fiscal year so that will commensurate similarly situated executives firms Company. However, decrease any time during Period.
Your employment will commence on January 6, 2016. You report to the Chief Executive Officer and be responsible for supervision control of all merchandising, marketing supply chain activities Company have such other duties as may reasonably determine. Interest on Loans, Letter of Credit fees, Related Expenses, and commitment other fees charges hereunder shall be computed the basis a year having three hundred sixty (360) days calculated for actual number elapsed.
If any provision of this Amendment is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability remaining provisions shall not affected impaired thereby. The invalidity a in particular jurisdiction invalidate render unenforceable such other jurisdiction. The Company shall deduct from all payments made hereunder applicable federal or state taxes required by law to be withheld such payments.
Any notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Transition Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing delivered person or sent a nationally recognized overnight courier service registered certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the Executive at last address has filed with Company or, case of Company, its main offices, attention Board.
As among the Fixed Assets Claimholders, Applicable Collateral Agent (acting at direction of Representative), shall have right, but not obligation, to adjust or settle any insurance policy claim covering constituting Shared in event loss thereunder and approve award granted condemnation similar proceeding affecting Collateral. To extent other Claimholder receives proceeds such are permitted required be returned Grantor under applicable Documents, turned over for application as provided Section 2.1 hereof.
Parent has no knowledge: (a) that any Plan is in noncompliance material respect with the applicable provisions of ERISA or Internal Revenue Code; (b) pending threatened litigation governmental proceeding investigation against relating to Plan; (c) reasonable basis for proceedings, claims actions (d) Borrower incurred “accumulated funding deficiency” within meaning Section 302(a)(2) connection (e) there been Reportable Event Prohibited Transaction (as such terms are defined ERISA) Plan, occurrence which would have a adverse effect on business condition (financial otherwise) Subsidiary, both, liability PBGC under 4062 Plan.
There is no fact relating to the Company that has not disclosed Acquiring Entity in writing materially and adversely affects nor, insofar as can now foresee, will affect, condition (financial or otherwise), properties, assets, liabilities, business operations, results of operations prospects Company. No representation warranty by herein information schedules exhibits hereto contains any untrue statement a material omits state necessary make statements contained therein misleading.
Other than Sandler O’Neill + Partners, L.P., neither the Seller nor Company has any liability or obligation to pay fees commissions broker, finder agent with respect transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Borrower shall have paid or made provision to pay on the SPLNG Funding Date in accordance with Funds Flow Memorandum delivered pursuant Section 3.3(j) ( ), each Agent, Arranger and Joint Bookrunner fees payable before referred 2.10(c) (d) Fees ) all expenses 10.2 Expenses which accrued Date.
This Agreement, and all questions relating to its validity, interpretation, performance enforcement, as well the legal relations hereby created between parties hereto, shall be governed by construed under, interpreted enforced in accordance with, laws of State California, notwithstanding any California or other conflict law provision contrary. Agreement is intended comply with Section 409A Internal Revenue Code 1986 regulations promulgated thereunder. Any action proceeding either enforce this brought only a state federal court located Sonoma county. The irrevocably submit exclusive jurisdiction such courts waive defense inconvenient forum maintenance venue.
The Board may amend or terminate the Plan at any time; provided, however, that shall not without approval of shareholders UGI if such is required in order to comply with Code applicable laws, stock exchange requirements. No amendment termination this shall, consent Participant, materially impair rights obligations under Grant previously made Participant Plan, unless right has been reserved Letter, except as provided Section 21(d) below.
This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed delivered by ADGE constitutes a binding obligation of ADGE. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all taken together constitute one and the same instrument. Any counterpart or other signature hereon delivered by facsimile for purposes as constituting good valid execution delivery this such party.
All references to sections (§) are of this Plan unless otherwise indicated. This shall be construed under the laws State Delaware. Each term set forth in § 2 shall, stated, have meaning opposite such for purposes and, definitions, singular include plural and singular. applicable deemed any amendments successor provisions laws. Finally, if there is conflict between terms Option Certificate, Stock Appreciation Right Grant Certificate or Cash Bonus Incentive control.
On the Closing Date, upon terms and subject to conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with execution delivery of this Agreement by parties hereto, Company agrees sell, Purchaser purchase $200,000.00 in principal amount Note, corresponding Warrants as determined pursuant Section 2.2(a) (such sale being “ ”). shall deliver wire transfer, its respective Note Warrants, 2.2(a), other items 2.2 deliverable at Closing. Upon satisfaction covenants Sections 2.3, occur such location mutually agree. Notwithstanding anything herein contrary, Date on or before April 25, 2016.
The Seller hereby acknowledges that the Purchaser has, concurrently with execution hereof, executed and delivered Pooling Servicing Agreement that, in connection therewith, it has assigned its rights hereunder to Trustee for benefit of Certificateholders. obligations pursuant Sections 2.01, 2.02 2.03 Agreement. This shall bind inure be enforceable by Seller, their permitted successors assigns. Any Person into which may merged or consolidated, any resulting from merger, conversion consolidation become a party, succeeding all substantially business successor without further act. warranties representations agreements made herein survive delivery Mortgage Loans until termination Agreement, but not Person.
No Credit Party shall, and no shall suffer or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, use portion the Loan proceeds, directly indirectly, to purchase carry Margin Stock repay otherwise refinance Indebtedness others incurred Stock, in manner which is contravention Requirement Law violation this Agreement. The Plan was adopted effective as of January 1, 2013 (the “Effective Date”). hereby is amended and restated 2015 “Restatement Effective
(a) As of the Closing Date, Borrower, each Guarantor and other Subsidiary have good marketable title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all their respective properties assets, real personal, including assets reflected in financial statements referred to Section 4.04 (other than any disposed ordinary course business as otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement). None owned Restricted none is subject Lien, except such may be pursuant 6.01 (provided that Liens required junior securing Facility are, fact, Facility).
This Agreement and the legal relations hereby created between parties hereto shall be governed by construed under in accordance with internal laws of State Colorado, without regard to conflicts principles thereof. Each Participant submit venue personal jurisdiction Colorado state federal courts concerning any dispute for which judicial redress is permitted pursuant this Agreement; however Company not limited seeking relief those courts.
Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the provisions herein may be modified only upon mutual agreement of Parties, however, no such modification shall effective until reduced to writing and executed by both Parties. For purposes of this Section, the term “Lender” includes any Issuing Lender. In the performance of this Agreement, each party will comply with all applicable laws, regulations, rules, orders and other requirements governmental authorities having jurisdiction.
EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF COURTS STATE NEW YORK SITTING IN COUNTY UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN YORK, ANY APPELLATE FROM THEREOF, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT RELATING THIS AGREEMENT OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, RECOGNITION ENFORCEMENT JUDGMENT, PARTIES AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS RESPECT SUCH MAY BE HEARD DETERMINED OR, FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FEDERAL COURT. A FINAL JUDGMENT SHALL CONCLUSIVE ENFORCED JURISDICTIONS SUIT ON MANNER PROVIDED LAW. NOTHING DOCUMENT AFFECT RIGHT ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, LENDER L/C ISSUER OTHERWISE HAVE BRING AGAINST BORROWERS THEIR PROPERTIES JURISDICTION.
The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, (a) except where the failure to do so, individually or in aggregate, could not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect, (i) done all things necessary preserve, renew keep full force effect its legal existence rights, qualifications, licenses, permits, franchises, governmental authorizations, intellectual property licenses permits material conduct of business, (ii) maintain requisite authority business jurisdiction which is conducted; provided that foregoing shall prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 (b) carry on so substantially same manner fields enterprise as it presently conducted.
Capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them Purchase Agreement. This Agreement embodies the complete agreement and understanding among parties to this with respect subject matter of supersedes preempts any prior understandings, agreements or representations by parties, written oral, which may have related in way.
All of the properties and operations Borrower each Subsidiary a character usually insured by companies established reputation engaged in same or similar business similarly situated are adequately insured, financially sound reputable insurers, against loss damage kinds amounts customarily such Persons, Subsidiaries carry, with insurers customary amounts, other insurance, including larceny, embezzlement criminal misappropriation insurance interruption as is carried situated.
Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, Company (after giving effect to transactions contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent ( i.e. , its assets have a fair market value excess of amount required pay probable liabilities on existing debts they become absolute and matured) currently has no information that would lead it reasonably conclude not, after transaction Agreement, ability to, nor does intend take any action impair from time incurred connection therewith such mature. The did not receive qualified opinion auditors with respect most recent fiscal year end and, anticipate or know basis upon which might issue current year.
The REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries each other Person for whose taxes the or any of could become liable have timely filed caused to be all Federal income tax returns material that are required by them, paid shown due payable on such assessments made against it property taxes, fees charges imposed Governmental Authority, except where same currently being contested in good faith appropriate proceedings which Subsidiary, as case may be, has set aside books adequate reserves accordance with GAAP, failure do so would not reasonably expected a Material Adverse Effect.
Each of the Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries has timely filed all material reports, documents other materials required to be by it under applicable Requirements Law with any Governmental Authority, retained records Law, is otherwise in compliance respect conduct its business ownership operation properties, except for such failure comply which, individually or aggregate, would not reasonably likely have a Material Adverse Effect.
Neither party shall have the right to assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without prior written consent of other party; provided, however, that either may, such consent, and hereunder (a) any Affiliate, (b) in connection with transfer sale all substantially business which relates, event merger, consolidation, change control similar transaction. Any permitted assignee assume assignor Agreement. purported assignment, delegation violation Section 6.6 be void.
Each of the La Jolla Parties has all requisite power, authority and capacity to enter into this Release, perform such party's obligations hereunder consummate transactions contemplated hereby. Borrower will pay to Lender a fee of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00) for this Ninth Waiver.. The terms of this Program may be amended by the Committee or Board (or their respective delegates), provided that Chief Human Resources Officer Vice President, Corporate Compensation, Company amend to comply with applicable law, make administrative changes carry out directives Committee.
As soon as practicable following the sending or receipt thereof by Company any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, a copy and all written communications with respect to (a) Environmental Claims that, individually in aggregate, have reasonable possibility giving rise Material Adverse Effect, (b) material Release required be reported Government Instrumentality, (c) request for information from Governmental Instrumentality that suggests such agency is investigating whether Subsidiaries may potentially responsible costs arising out Hazardous Materials Activity.
Executive shall be paid a base salary (“Base Salary”) at the annual rate of two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000.00), payable in bi-weekly installments consistent with Company’s payroll practices. Any accrued must out year-end, each year. This Amendment, together with the Contribution Agreement, constitutes entire agreement among Contributors and CFI respect to subject matter hereof supersedes any or understanding entered into as of a date prior between them such matter.
The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage for which monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy, occur the do perform their obligations under provisions of this letter agreement in accordance with its specified terms or otherwise breach such provisions. acknowledge and (i) shall entitled to injunction injunctions, specific performance, other equitable relief, prevent breaches enforce specifically hereof (in courts described Section 2(b)) without proof damages otherwise, being addition any remedy they are agreement, at law equity, (ii) right enforcement is integral part Transactions right, neither Company nor Parent have entered into Transaction Agreements.
The parties to each assignment shall (A) execute and deliver the Administrative Agent an Assignment Acceptance via electronic settlement platform, or manually if previously confirmed, together with a processing recordation fee of $3,500 payable by assignee unless waived in sole discretion Agent, (B) Questionnaire is already Lender (C) documents required under Section 2.19(e) (f) .
Headings contained in this Agreement are solely for the convenience of parties hereto and shall not be deemed to or used define, construe limit any provisions hereof. This Reinstatement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of parties hereto their respective successors assigns. No failure on the part of any party to exercise or delay in exercising right hereunder will be deemed a waiver thereof, nor single partial preclude further other such right.
The headings in this Agreement are intended for convenient references only and shall not any way limit, amplify or be used interpreting the terms of Agreement. masculine, feminine neutral gender singular plural deemed to include others wherever context so requires. This construed against party hereto as drafters The applicable Lead Party will book all sales of the Licensed Products in US Territory and ROW Territory, respectively, have sole responsibility for processing orders, invoicing, terms sale, distribution throughout associated therewith.
Except as specifically modified or clarified by this Second Amendment, all of the remaining terms and conditions set forth in Agreement First Amendment shall remain unchanged full force effect, which are restated, confirmed, ratified, incorporated made a part hereof reference. This may be executed one more counterparts, each deemed an original, but constitute same original. By reference, foregoing recitals attached Appendix D Amendment.
On the Termination Date Lender shall, at Borrower’s expense, release or terminate any filings other agreements that perfect Lender’s security interest, upon receipt of following, in form and content satisfactory to Lender: (i) a all claims against by Borrower relating performance obligations under Loan Documents, (ii) an agreement Borrower, new lender indemnify for payments received are applied Obligations as final payoff may subsequently be returned otherwise not paid reason.
The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or to be done all things necessary preserve, renew keep in full force effect (a) legal existence good standing jurisdiction organization (b) the rights, qualifications, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, governmental authorizations intellectual property rights material conduct business Subsidiaries, maintain requisite authority other which is conducted, except, case this clause (b), as could not reasonably expected have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that foregoing shall prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation dissolution permitted under Section 6.03.
This Amendment No. 11 shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of State New York. This Agreement may be amended by the Committee; provided, however, that no amendment decrease rights inherent in this Award prior to such without express written consent of parties hereto. Notwithstanding provisions Section 21, Committee extent necessary comply with applicable laws and regulations conform any changes thereto.
Prior to any disbursement under the Loan, Borrower shall have delivered Lender, true and exact copies of current financial statements Borrower, Bank all other Subsidiaries, for quarter ending March 31, 2016 audit report opinion Borrower’s independent accounting firm, with respect thereto (it being understood that Lender is relying upon such in entering into this Loan Agreement), unaudited as April 30, 2015 F.R. Y-6 Annual Report Y-9 Parent Company only (and Consolidated, if applicable) statement(s) filed by Federal Reserve.
This Agreement shall become effective when it have been executed by the Borrowers and Holdings Administrative Agent notified each Lender, Swingline Lender Issuing Bank that such has thereafter be binding upon inure to benefit of Borrowers, their respective successors assigns, except not right assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without prior written consent Lenders as permitted Section 7.04 .
All notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing delivered or mailed the manner specified Securities Purchase Agreement addressed to a party at its address set forth determined pursuant Agreement, as case may be. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between Parties with respect to subject matter hereof supersedes all prior negotiations, agreements, commitments, writings, courses of dealing understandings hereof.
The Company will pay all reasonable Registration Expenses, as determined in good faith, connection with a shelf Registration, Piggyback or an Underwritten Offering, whether not any sale is made pursuant to such Offering. Each Selling Holder shall its pro rata share of Expenses Registrable Securities hereunder. In addition, except otherwise provided Section 2.08 , the be responsible for professional fees (including legal fees) incurred by Holders exercise Holders’ rights
Both before and after giving effect to (a) the disbursement of proceeds Loans, (b) consummation Transactions (c) payment accrual all transaction costs in connection with foregoing any contribution indemnification between such Person, Parent Companies, Borrower Restricted Subsidiaries, on a Consolidated basis, are Solvent. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of State Delaware without reference to principles conflicts law that would result application another jurisdiction.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 5(b) , the event of a Change Control, all then-outstanding Options (whether vested or unvested) shall be canceled exchange for payment having value equal to excess, if any, ( i ) product Control Price multiplied by aggregate number shares covered such immediately prior over ii Option paid soon reasonably practicable, but no later than 30 days following Control.
Advisor and the Company agree that will treat as an independent contractor for purposes of all tax laws (local, state federal) file forms consistent with status. agrees, contractor, is not entitled to unemployment benefits in event this Agreement terminates, or workers’ compensation injured any manner while performing obligations under Agreement. be solely responsible pay local, state, and/or federal income, social security taxes Advisor’s employees. The withhold prepare W-2 Forms Advisor, but provide a Form 1099, if required by law. for, timely returns payments filed with, made to, federal, local authority respect performance services receipt fees
If any dispute arises out of or in connection with this Agreement, except as expressly contemplated by another provision the parties irrevocably (and shall cause each other member their respective Group to irrevocably) (i) consent and submit co-exclusive jurisdiction federal state courts located State Wisconsin Florida, (ii) waive objection that choice forum Florida based on venue effect is not convenient, (iii) WAIVE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY RIGHT TRIAL OR ADJUDICATION JURY.
Upon request by either party from time to during the Term, each hereto agrees execute and deliver all such other additional instruments, notices documents do acts things as may be necessary carry out purposes of this Lease more fully assure parties’ rights interests provided for hereunder. Lessor Lessee agree cooperate with on matters relating required permits regulatory compliance or in respect Premises so ensure continued full operation pursuant terms Lease.
All understandings and agreements heretofore had between Assignor Assignee with respect to the Premises are merged in this Assignment, which alone fully completely expresses agreement of parties. acknowledges that it has inspected accepts same its "as is" condition subject use, ordinary wear tear natural deterioration satisfying obligations under Section 5 hereof. further that, except as expressly provided neither nor any agent or representative made, is not liable for bound manner by, express implied warranties, guaranties, promises, statements, inducements, representations information pertaining Premises.
At the closing of Transfer a Membership Interest pursuant to Sections 3.6(b) or 3.6(c) , Transferee shall deliver Transferring Member full consideration required by this Agreement. Any transfer similar taxes involved in such sale be paid Member, and provide with evidence Member’s authority hereunder tax lien waivers instruments as may reasonably request.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF STATE NEW YORK. Sections 10.09 and 10.10 of the Credit Agreement are incorporated by reference herein mutatis mutandis . The provisions this shall be binding upon inure to benefit Loan Parties, Administrative Agent, Collateral Lenders their respective successors permitted assigns.
Holdings and each of its Subsidiaries have filed all Federal, state, local other tax returns reports required to be filed, paid Taxes, assessments, fees material governmental charges levied or imposed upon them their properties, income assets otherwise due payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted for adequate reserves been provided accordance with GAAP. There is no proposed Tax assessment claim against, audit respect to, any Subsidiary.
This letter shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Delaware without regard to principles choice or conflicts law thereof. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms in the Agreement and used herein shall have meanings given to them Purchase Agreement. The representations and warranties of Buyer contained in Article IV shall be true correct all respects.
The Offeror has taken all actions necessary to authorize it enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This is valid binding obligation of Offeror, enforceable in accordance with terms, except for effect bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium other similar laws relating or affecting rights creditors generally limitations imposed by federal state law equitable principles upon specific enforceability any remedies, covenants provisions thereof, availability injunctive relief remedies.
The Company, by written action of SVP-HR, reserves the right to amend this Plan, in whole or part, discontinue terminate at any time its sole discretion. Notwithstanding foregoing, amendment, discontinuance, termination with respect Senior Officers must be made HR and Compensation Committee, provided that, SVP-HR may make amendment that does not materially change benefits obligations under Plan. Furthermore, for a period two years following Change Control Plan discontinued terminated amended such manner decreases payable an Eligible Employee makes provision less favorable Employee.
Each of the Companies has filed or caused to be all federal and material other Tax returns required have been by it paid Taxes (whether not shown on a return including in capacity as withholding agent) due payable it, except that are being contested good faith appropriate proceedings for which such Company shall set aside its books adequate reserves accordance with GAAP. There is no current proposed assessment, deficiency claim against any Companies.
The Closing of the sale Property by Seller to Purchaser will occur on Date, TIME BEING OF THE ESSENCE, through escrow established with Title Company. shall have right extend Date one or more times, a date no later than thirty (30) days after scheduled extent deemed necessary satisfy conditions. At Closing, events set forth in this Article X occur, it being understood that performance tender all matters are mutually concurrent conditions which may be waived party for whose benefit they intended.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit Investors their respective successors assigns. An Investor may transfer or assign, in whole from time part, one more persons its rights hereunder connection with Registrable Securities by such person, provided that complies all laws applicable thereto, Purchase Agreement, provides written notice assignment Company promptly after is effected, person agrees writing bound contained herein.
Throughout the Employment Term, Employee shall serve as President & Chief Executive Officer of Company and diligently perform all such services, acts things are customarily done performed by individuals holding offices companies in similar businesses size to Company, together with other duties may reasonably be requested from time Board Directors or its designee (the “ ”). periodically regularly report Board.
Amounts received with respect to a Phantom Stock Award are taxable as regular income upon settlement. Non-Employee Directors receiving such Awards solely responsible for payment of all state, federal and local taxes applicable thereto. Section 6(d) (Return of Property; Inventions), 7 (Reaffirmation Prior Agreements) (incorporating by reference Sections 5, 6 and the Employment Agreement), 8 (Cooperation), 9 (Mutual Non-Disparagement) 10 (Representations; Warranties; Covenants), 11 (Independent Contractor) 13-23 hereof shall survive any termination this Agreement continue in effect.
All payments made under this Agreement shall be in U.S. dollars by means of wire transfer to an account designated AB or CBA, as applicable, from time time. The Presidential Parties shall have performed all obligations to be by them, and complied with their agreements covenants or them under this Agreement on prior the Closing.
Except for fees payable to Lender, no broker, finder or other intermediary has brought about the obtaining, making closing of transactions contemplated by Operative Documents, and Credit Party will have any obligation Person in respect finder’s brokerage fees, commissions expenses connection herewith therewith. This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and expire on March 18, 2017; provided, however, that expiration this not affect Employee’s rights to receive any payments or benefits otherwise due a result Separation from Service occurring prior Agreement.
The Executive agrees that the Company will suffer irreparable damage and injury not have an adequate remedy at law if breaches any provision of covenants contained in this Section 6 (the “ Restrictive Covenants ”). Accordingly, or threatens attempts to breach Covenants, addition all other available remedies, shall be entitled seek injunctive relief no minimal bond security required connection therewith. are essential terms conditions entering into Agreement, they construed as independent Agreement agreement between Company. existence claim cause action has against Company, whether predicated on otherwise, constitute a defense Company’s enforcement Covenants.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, but subject Appendix B, which could negate treatment provided by Section 5(a) as a result of 280G Code, event Defined Termination Participant before Vesting Date, Participant’s Option shall immediately vest and become exercisable on date for number shares based either (i) degree performance under 1(c) attained Termination, and/or (ii) portion period elapsed determined Committee, no longer be vesting conditions set forth 1(b) or 1(c).
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts. All such separate counterparts together shall constitute and the same instrument. by “wet ink” digital means, distributed facsimile, electronic (scanned) means. Each party to this Agreement agrees perform all further acts and execute deliver documents as may be reasonably necessary carry out the intent of Agreement.
(a) Except as has not been and would reasonably be expected to material the Foxtail Business, neither Seller nor any of its Subsidiaries is currently, since January 1, 2011, in default under or breach violation applicable Laws provisions permit, license approval issued by Governmental Authority with respect Business. None Approvals required for continued conduct Business such business currently being conducted will lapse, terminate, expire otherwise impaired a result execution this Agreement consummation transactions contemplated hereby Ancillary Agreements, except
(a) Each Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations orders any Governmental Authority applicable to it or property, except where the failure do so, individually in aggregate, would not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect. During the Term of this Agreement, Mr. Clarkson shall be reimbursed by Bank for all reasonable business expenses incurred in connection with performance his duties hereunder, and such reimbursements paid accordance reimbursement policies effect from time to time.
The Employers shall maintain in effect for the Employee, at Employers’ sole expense, life insurance equal to three (3) times Employee’s Base Salary, subject terms of plan specific him. If benefit limits exceed amount available under group plan, then Employee will be entitled Employer-paid coverage a different addition or lieu accommodate difference.
(i) All foreign, Federal, provincial, and material state local tax returns other reports required by applicable Requirements of Law to be filed any Loan Party have been filed, or extensions obtained, (ii) all Taxes imposed upon property in an aggregate amount for such exceeding $2,000,000 that become due payable on prior the date hereof paid, except extent contested good faith proper proceedings which stay imposition penalty, fine Lien resulting from non-payment thereof with respect adequate reserves set aside payment Financial Statements accordance GAAP.
A waiver by either party of a breach any provision this Agreement the other shall not operate or be construed as estoppel subsequent such breaching party. No s hall valid unless in writing and signed an authorized officer Company Executive, applicable. The Executive shall be entitled to up five (5) weeks of annual paid vacation per year, and any additional other leave time as is provided for under the Company's personnel policies applicable executives Company. Company encourages taking during year in which earned. At end calendar unused days will forfeited.
After the end of Performance Period, Committee administering any Awards intended to constitute “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) Code shall certify amount, if any, Share Award otherwise payable each Participant. The (or other committee such awards) may, in its discretion, reduce amount a settlement be made connection with but may not exercise discretion increase an employee who has received Code.
To the extent not preempted by federal law, Program, and all Award or other agreements hereunder, shall be construed in accordance with governed laws of state Delaware without giving effect to principles conflicts laws. As of the Effective Date, this letter constitutes final, complete and exclusive agreement between you Company with respect to subject matter hereof replaces supersedes any all other agreements, offers or promises, whether oral written, made by its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns (including, without limitation, Original Employment Letter).
The Participant acknowledges having read and understood the Company’s policies on confidentiality as set forth in Code of Ethics Business Conduct, Employee Handbook, Policy Trading Securities (collectively, “ Confidentiality Policies ”) hereby agrees that during Participant’s employment with Company its Affiliates any time thereafter, will continue to abide by terms Policies, including respect materials or information received connection RSUs.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which when executed, shall deemed to an original and all together one the same instrument binding upon parties. For purposes this Agreement, facsimile signatures (including .pdf, .jpg or other electronic format) originals. No waiver by either party at any time of breach the other of, or compliance with, condition provision this Agreement to be performed party, shall deemed a similar dissimilar provisions conditions same prior subsequent time.
Any provision of this Security Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective the extent prohibition unenforceability without invalidating remaining provisions hereof, and shall not invalidate render other jurisdiction. The parties hereto endeavor good faith negotiations replace invalid, illegal with valid economic effect which comes close possible provisions.
The RSUs subject to the RSU Award shall vest in accordance with Vesting Schedule set forth Grant Notice. Unless and until have vested Notice, Participant will no right any distribution respect such RSUs. In event of Participant’s Termination Service prior vesting all RSUs, unvested terminate automatically without further action by Company be forfeited notice at cost Company.
This agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of Nebraska without regard to principles conflicts applied thereby, supersede any all prior written or oral agreements between parties hereto. No change, modification, alteration, addition provision this Letter Intent binding unless writing signed by an authorized representative each
The Plan, the granting and payment with respect to any Phantom Shares, obligations of Company under shall be subject all applicable federal, state foreign country laws, rules regulations, such approvals by regulatory or governmental agency as may required. Company, in its discretion, postpone neither nor directors officers have obligation liability you Shares that lapse because postponement.
This Guaranty may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so and delivered shall an original, but all such counterparts together constitute one same instrument. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall considered one and the same agreement become effective when counterparts have been signed by parties delivered to other (including means electronic delivery facsimile .pdf signatures).
If any term or other provision of this Agreement the Exhibits attached hereto thereto is determined by a nonappealable decision court, administrative agency arbitrator to be invalid, illegal incapable being enforced rule law public policy, all conditions and provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force effect so long as economic legal substance Transactions not affected manner materially adverse either Party. Upon such determination that enforced, interpret affect original intent Parties closely possible an acceptable end are fulfilled fullest extent possible. sentence broad unenforceable, interpreted only enforceable.
This Agreement, along with any other terms incorporated by reference herein, contains the entire agreement between Parties, and shall be considered understood to a contractual commitment not mere recital. No covenants, agreements, representations, or warranties of kind whatsoever, whether express implied in law fact, have been made party this except as specifically set forth Agreement. Agreement supersedes all prior contemporaneous negotiations understandings, written oral, pertaining subject matter hereof.
The Company agrees to pay or cause be paid Executive during the Employment Term a base salary at rate of $1,155,000 per annum such increased amount in accordance with this Section 3(a) (hereinafter referred as “ Base Salary ”). Such shall payable Company’s customary practices applicable its executives. reviewed least annually by Board Compensation Committee (the ”), and may sole discretion Committee, but not decreased.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each which, when delivered, are an original, all taken together, constitute one Agreement. The exchange copies this signature pages facsimile or PDF transmission shall effective execution delivery as to the hereto used lieu original for purposes. Signatures transmitted deemed their signatures
This Guaranty may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each such counterpart shall deemed to an original, but all together constitute one same Guaranty. Delivery a signature page this facsimile or other electronic imaging means (e.g. “pdf” “tif”) effective as delivery manually
As of the date hereof, Parent has no Subsidiaries except those listed in Schedule 9.8 ; and direct Subsidiary other than Company. This Agreement shall automatically and immediately terminate without notice no amounts or benefits be payable hereunder on the earlier of (i) effective date Executive’s Termination Employment with Company if employment is terminated for any reason prior to Change in Control, (ii) expiration Term this Agreement.
A Participant shall have the right to make one amendment an Authorization after end of Enrollment Period reduce or stop payroll deductions which he she previously had authorized for related Purchase Period, and such reduction be effective as soon practicable Administrator actually receives amended Authorization. The may establish procedures deadlines by Participants must amendments
The Joint Venture shall continue in existence until terminated pursuant to Article 11 hereof. Except as provided 10 or hereof, neither Member withdraw from the for any reason, without obtaining prior written consent of other Member. Such Manufacturer is a corporation or other entity, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of state its incorporation organization.
Comply with the requirements of all Laws (including Anti-Money Laundering Laws, Anti-Corruption and Sanctions Regulations) orders, writs, injunctions decrees applicable to it or its business property, except if failure comply therewith would not reasonably be expected have, individually in aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. None Parent Holdings any Subsidiaries nor, knowledge Borrowers, director, officer, agent employee foregoing, (i) is Designated Person (ii) currently subject U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.
No (i) monetary default, breach or violation exists with respect to any agreement other document governing pertaining the REO Subsidiary Interests Transaction Interests, (ii) event which, passage of time notice and expiration grace cure period, would constitute a Interests. Unless compelled by law, you will not directly or indirectly make, authorize encourage others to any statement, written oral, that would foreseeably harm the reputation of Company its directors, officers employees, Company’s business operations.
In the event of any change in corporate capitalization (including, but not limited to, a number Shares outstanding), such as stock split or transaction, merger, consolidation, separation, including spin-off, other distribution property Company, reorganization, partial complete liquidation Committee shall make adjustments substitution aggregate and kind credited to each Participant’s Account it may determine be appropriate its sole discretion.
Except as disclosed on Schedule 8.7 , (a) no Company ( other than a creditor or claimant) is subject to, aware of the threat of, any Litigation (i) that reasonably likely to be determined adversely and, if so determined, shall result in Material Adverse Event, (ii) purports affect pertain this Agreement Loan Paper, transactions contemplated hereby, (b) outstanding unpaid judgments against exist, and (c) party bound by, judicial administrative order, judgment, decree, consent decree relating past present practice, omission, activity, undertaking which constitutes Event.
If any provision of this Agreement is held by final judgment a court competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such unenforceable shall severed from the remainder Agreement, and enforced. In addition, deemed automatically modified, and, as so included in modification being made minimum extent necessary render valid, legal enforceable. Notwithstanding foregoing, however, if modified concerns all portion essential consideration delivered under one party other, remaining provisions also equitably adjust parties’ respective rights obligations hereunder.
If any of the covenants herein shall be held unenforceable or declared invalid for reason whatsoever, such unenforceability invalidity not affect enforceability validity remaining provisions Agreement and unenforceable, portion severable from remainder this Agreement. Neither Parent nor any Borrower will, or will permit of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume, suffer to exist, directly indirectly, Lien on with respect assets, kind, whether now owned hereafter acquired, income profits therefrom, except for Permitted Liens.
The parties recognize that irreparable injury will result from a breach of any provision this Agreement and money damages would be inadequate to fully remedy the injury. Accordingly, in event or threatened one more provisions Agreement, party may injured (in addition other remedies available party) shall entitled (without need post bond, surety, security) preliminary permanent orders (a) restraining enjoining act constitute (b) compelling performance obligation that, if not performed, breach.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing deemed given when delivered personally or telecopied (with confirmation of transmission received by the sender), three (3) business days after being sent certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested one (1) day to a nationally recognized overnight courier with next delivery specified parties at following addresses (or such address for party as like notice): Company: Sirius XM Holdings Inc., 1290 Avenue Americas, 11th Floor, New York, York 10020, Attention: General Counsel; Executive: Address on file office Company. Notices email electronic means not specifically authorized this Agreement effective any purpose Agreement.
This Agreement, together with the 2016 LTIP (the terms of which are made a part this Agreement and incorporated into by reference), constitute entire agreement between you Delta respect to Award. This Agreement shall be binding and deemed effective when executed by Borrowers Lender the Lenders . The Parties agree to cooperate fully and execute any all supplementary documents take additional actions which may be reasonably necessary or appropriate give full force effect the terms intent of this Agreement.
On the Closing Date, Company shall instruct its transfer agent to Shares Purchasers in book entry form such name(s) as may designate, and cause wire transfers same day funds be sent account of instructed writing by Company, amount applicable Purchase Price. This Patent Security Agreement and the rights obligations of parties hereunder shall be governed by, construed enforced in accordance with, laws State New York without regard to conflict law principles that would result application any other than York.
Executive shall not, at any time during the Period of Employment or thereafter (including following a termination Executive’s employment for reason, whether with without cause, voluntarily involuntarily, due to death disability) make statements representations, otherwise communicate, directly indirectly, in writing, orally, otherwise, take action which may, disparage be damaging Company, its subsidiaries affiliates their respective officers, directors, employees, advisors, businesses reputations, nor members Board Directors Company’s Chief Officer such representations regarding Executive. Notwithstanding foregoing, nothing this Agreement preclude Executive, Directors, from making truthful that are required by applicable law, regulation legal process.
Each Borrower will not, and not permit any Subsidiary to, create or acquire additional unless such gives prior written notice to the Administrative Agent of creation acquisition complies with Section 10.1.13 . shall Restricted sell, assign otherwise dispose Equity Interests in except compliance 10.2.9(c) that Foreign Subsidiaries owned on Closing Date may be sold, assigned disposed connection Asset Dispositions permitted by 10.2.9(k)
The Company maintains insurance underwritten by insurers of recognized financial responsibility, the types and in amounts that reasonably believes is adequate for its business, including covering all real personal property owned or leased against theft, damage, destruction, acts vandalism other risks customarily insured against, with such deductibles as are customary companies same similar which full force effect.
The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid on or before Incremental Agreement No. 1 Effective Date, expenses Date for which invoices been timely presented, including, without limitation, reasonable of legal counsel. This Irrevocable Proxy may be executed in any number of counterparts (including by facsimile, portable document format (.pdf) or other electronic transmission), which together shall constitute one and the same Proxy. The parties execute more than copy Proxy, each an original.
If Executive should die during the Term of Employment, this Agreement will terminate. No further amounts or benefits shall be payable except earned but unpaid base salary, accrued vacation, unreimbursed expenses, and those that may vest in accordance with controlling documents for other relevant Company programs, which paid terms such benefit including governing time manner payment (the “Accrued Benefits”). In addition, eligible a prorated annual bonus/incentive regardless number days was employed by year amount calculated then-applicable bonus plan, as modified foregoing.
Tenant represents and warrants that it has dealt with no broker or other party entitled to a commission broker’s fee in connection this Amendment than Landlord Landlord’s managing agent Newmark Grubb Knight Frank, exclusively representing for the purpose of only, hereby agrees indemnify any claims commissions fees by parties based on dealing Amendment.
Pieris shall have the right to participate in and be represented by counsel of its choice, an enforcement action that involves Enumeral IP relates a Product under Section 11.3(a)(ii). agrees keep informed concerning any such action, consult with litigation strategy, give good faith consideration Pieris’s comments requests action. In all actions, Parties cooperate assist each other reasonable respects.
Except as provided in the next sentence, this Agreement and Plan constitute entire agreement between parties with respect to subject matter contained herein may not be modified, except or a written document signed by each of hereto, rescinded only both parties. This modified superseded specific provisions, if any, agreement, plan other arrangement (regardless whether entered into established before, concurrently after date Agreement) Company an Affiliate that is applicable Participant, extent such provides greater benefit Participant otherwise does cause payments hereunder fail comply provisions Section 409A Code.
Except as expressly provided herein, neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated other than by a written instrument referencing and signed the Company Investors. Each Party agrees to execute and deliver the other such additional documents instruments, do perform acts things, as may be reasonably necessary for effecting transactions contemplated herein.
The parties acknowledge that irreparable damage would occur in the event any of provisions this Agreement, including Section 6.1, were not performed accordance with its specific terms or otherwise breached. shall be entitled to an injunction injunctions prevent breaches and enforce specifically hereof court having jurisdiction, such remedy being addition other which they may at law equity.
Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor consummation transactions contemplated hereby, will result in any material violation (a) charter by-laws Company, (b) applicable law, ordinance, rule or regulation order court Governmental Authority, which violation, conflict default would have a adverse effect on business, assets, properties, financial condition results operations Company ability to perform its obligations hereunder.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without effect whatsoever on the between Company other Purchasers, written notice parties, if Closing has not been consummated or before May 6, 2016; provided , however that no termination will affect right of party sue for breach (or parties).
Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 2.06(a) and (b) , Administrative Agent shall record such substitution or payment Register, whereupon (i) case any full an Affected Lender, Lender’s Commitments be terminated (ii) (A) Lender sell relieved of, Substitute purchase assume, all rights claims under Loan Documents, except that retain Documents expressly provide they survive repayment Obligations termination Commitments, (B) no longer constitute a “Lender” hereunder become (C) execute deliver Assignment Assumption to evidence substitution; provided however failure not render sale (or corresponding assignment) invalid.
In reliance on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Amendment, subject to satisfaction of conditions precedent set forth Section 2 hereof, Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended effective as Third Amendment Effective Date manner provided 1 . Notwithstanding any provisions of Section 11.01 to the contrary, with consent Incremental Revolving Lenders, Borrower and Administrative Agent (and without other Lenders), this Agreement may be amended give effect an Commitment; provided that terms applicable each Commitment shall identical Commitments than fees payable such Lenders.
Isle shall indemnify Employee and hold harmless to the full extent permitted by Section 145 of Delaware General Corporation Law from against any all claims, liabilities losses may suffer arising in connection with Employee’s employment as an officer Company set forth herein, subject exceptions Law. The agreement this 5(i) survive termination Agreement.
The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Material Subsidiaries to, comply with all Requirements Law applicable to it or its property, except where failure do so, individually in aggregate, could not reasonably be expected result a Adverse Effect. If any provision, section, paragraph or subparagraph of this Agreement is adjudged by court competent jurisdiction to be void, illegal unenforceable, in whole part, such adjudication shall not affect the validity remainder Agreement, including other subparagraph. Each and separable from every subparagraph, constitutes a separate distinct covenant.
Each Loan Party and each other Material Subsidiary is in compliance with Governmental Approval all Applicable Laws relating to it except for non-compliances which, Approvals the failure possess could not, individually or aggregate, reasonably be expected have a Adverse Effect. Each party’s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Administrative Agent any assignment rights by, of, a Lender, termination Commitments and repayment, satisfaction discharge all other Obligations.
The captions and headings of this agreement are not part the provisions hereof shall have no force or effect. Notices, consents and other communications provided for herein shall (except as otherwise expressly permitted herein) be in writing given Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement. Communications notices to any Guarantor it at its address set forth Schedule A hereto.
The Company will notify the Shareholder one Business Day in advance prior to making any required press release or public announcement with respect transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Without written consent of other party (which shall not be unreasonably withheld conditioned, and request for which timely responded to), neither Shareholder, 180 nor Company, at time make, each direct its Representatives directly indirectly, comment, statement, communication to, otherwise disclose permit disclosure existence discussions regarding, Agreement terms agreement among parties (including without limitation those Letter Intent).
During the Term, Executive shall devote Executive’s full-time efforts during normal business hours to Olin’s and affairs, except vacation periods in accordance with policy of illness or incapacity. Nothing this Agreement will preclude from devoting reasonable required for service as a director member any organization involving no conflict interest interest, provided that additional position be accepted by period employment Olin without its prior consent.
Within 30 days following the conclusion of Vesting Period, Grantee shall receive a number shares Stock (in certificate or book entry form and rounded to nearest whole share) equal Performance Units with respect which Criteria have been satisfied; provided, however, that if Grantee’s service Company its Subsidiaries ends earlier than end Period under circumstances entitle payment, then time payment will be determined in accordance Governing Documents. Any non-vested forfeited by no benefits payable this Agreement such Units.
All representations and warranties made hereunder in any other Loan Document or document delivered pursuant hereto thereto connection herewith therewith shall survive the execution delivery hereof thereof. Such have been will be relied upon by Administrative Agent, each Issuer Lender, regardless of investigation Lender on their behalf notwithstanding that may had notice knowledge Default at time Credit Extension, continue full force effect as long Obligation remain unpaid unsatisfied Letter outstanding (other than (i) contingent indemnification obligations to which no claim has asserted (ii) Obligations under Secured Hedge Agreements Cash Management Obligations).
A Participant shall always be 100% vested in the amounts credited to his Account hereunder. All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the same meanings set forth in Plan, unless a different meaning is plainly required by context. This Agreement and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract tort otherwise) based upon, arising out relating to this the transactions contemplated hereby thereby shall be governed by, construed accordance with, law State NEW yORK .
Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor consummation transactions contemplated hereby, compliance with its terms conditions, will (a) violate, conflict with, result in breach of, constitute a default under, be prohibited by, or require any additional approval under terms, provisions articles incorporation, by-laws, other organizational documents Oversight Servicer, as applicable, mortgage, indenture, deed trust, loan credit agreement, agreement instrument to which Servicer is party by bound, law, ordinance, rule, regulation governmental authority applicable order, judgment, decree court (b) creation imposition lien, charge, encumbrance nature upon Mortgage Loans properties assets Servicer.
The Escrow Agent shall be indemnified and held harmless by ISS the Stockholders’ Representative from against any expenses, including counsel fees disbursements, or loss suffered in connection with action, suit other proceeding involving claim interpretation which way, directly indirectly, arises out of relates to this Agreement, services hereunder, Escrowed Consideration it than expenses losses arising gross negligence willful misconduct Agent. Promptly after receipt notice demand commencement proceeding, notify Parties hereto writing.
Except as described in Schedule 7 to the Pricing Letter or otherwise set forth a certificate delivered pursuant Section 12(d)(ii), there are no actions, suits, arbitrations, investigations (including, without limitation, any of foregoing which pending threatened) other legal arbitrable proceedings affecting Seller its Subsidiaries Repurchase Assets properties before Governmental Authority (i) questions challenges validity enforceability Facility Documents action be taken connection with transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) individually aggregate, would reasonably likely adversely determined and if determined, have Material Adverse Effect (iii) relates violation Home Ownership Equity Protection Act state, city district high cost home mortgage predatory lending law that Effect.
As of the date hereof, neither AMID nor any its Subsidiaries is in violation Law applicable to or Subsidiaries, except as would not, individually aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. and possess all certificates, authorizations permits issued by appropriate regulatory authorities necessary conduct their respective businesses, where failure such Effect, Subsidiary has received notice proceedings relating revocation modification certificate, authorization permit, potential
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed interpreted in accordance with the laws of State Washington, exclusive any choice law rules. The agreements contained in this Section 6 shall survive the transfer of Registered Securities by any Purchaser and sale all Registrable pursuant to registration statement remain full force effect, regardless investigation made or on behalf Indemnified Party.
Licensee shall apply or use all notices and legends, including patent markings, required by applicable law regulations to preserve protect the value validity of any Intellectual Property licensed pursuant this Agreement, applying using legends reasonably requested Licensor. Servicer is duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of jurisdiction its formation has all necessary corporate power authority to own or lease properties carry on business.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) . The owns, directly or indirectly, all capital stock other equity interests each Subsidiary free clear any Liens, issued outstanding shares validly fully paid, non-assessable preemptive similar rights to subscribe for purchase securities. If has no subsidiaries, references Subsidiaries them in Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.
If any term or other provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid, illegal incapable being enforced as a result law public policy, all terms and provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force effect so long the economic legal substance transactions contemplated hereby not affected manner materially adverse party. Upon such determination that enforced, parties hereto negotiate good faith modify original intent closely possible an acceptable manner, order may consummated originally greatest extent possible.
Complete books and records with respect to the ABL Collateral of Credit Parties are kept at or (in case computerized records) can be accessed from locations set forth on Schedule 3.21 (which shall promptly updated by upon notice Agent as permanent change). The rights and benefits of the Executive under this Agreement may not be anticipated, assigned, alienated or subject to attachment, garnishment, levy, execution other legal equitable process except as required by law. Any attempt so anticipate, alienate, assign, sell, transfer, pledge, encumber charge same shall void.
No oral agreement, statement, promise, undertaking, understanding, arrangement, act or omission of any Party, occurring subsequent to the date hereof may be deemed an amendment modification this Settlement Agreement unless reduced writing and signed by Parties hereto their respective successors assigns. The provisions of the Plan shall be construed, administered and enforced according to applicable Federal law laws State Georgia.
Any notices required or permitted to be given hereunder shall in writing and delivered (a) person, (b) by a commercial overnight courier that guarantees next day delivery provides receipt, (c) legible facsimile (followed hard copy accordance with preceding subsections (a)-(b)) (d) electronic mail transmission, served on the parties at addresses set forth Section B . of Parties may change its address for receipt notices, demands, consents, requests other communications giving written notice Party manner provided above. effective only upon (or refusal intended recipient accept delivery).
Provided Operator has complied with all governmental regulations and terms of the Mineral Lease, then may, by notice to Owner, at any time terminate this Agreement as or portion Property. Upon such a termination shall be released from further obligations liabilities under except those which have occurred become fixed, not been barred statute limitations survive Agreement. Any partial must describe Property surrendered Paragraph.
This Indenture Supplement may be executed in two or more counterparts (and by different parties on separate counterparts), each of which shall an original, but all together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery counterpart a signature page this facsimile transmission electronic (in pdf format) as effective delivery manually Supplement.
The parties agree that, except as required by applicable law (including, without limitation, the rules and regulations of National Association Securities Dealers, New York Stock Exchange, American Exchange or Commission), no party shall, with respect to this Agreement transactions contemplated hereby, contact conduct negotiations public officials, make any pronouncements, issue press releases otherwise furnish information regarding hereby third consent other party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld delayed. No FVE Party trade in securities SNH their affiliates, until a announcement has been made. record notice thereof.
The descriptive headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and do not constitute a part Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding among parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof, supersedes replaces all prior contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements conditions, express or implied, oral written, of any nature whatsoever including Advisory Agreement. The terms hereof control supersede course performance usage trade inconsistent hereof.
The Company may withhold from any and all amounts payable under this Agreement or otherwise such federal, state local taxes as be required to withheld pursuant applicable law regulation. In the event that fails by regulation, Executive agrees indemnify for amount paid with respect taxes, together interest, penalty and/or expense related thereto.
Upon the payment in full of Loan, as evidenced by recording a satisfaction or reconveyance Security Instrument, this Agreement shall be void and no effect. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Delaware, without giving effect to any choice law or conflict provision rule (whether such state other jurisdiction) that would cause jurisdiction applied.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement is held by a court competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable because it invalid or in conflict with law relevant jurisdiction, validity remaining provisions shall not affected and rights obligations Parties construed enforced as if did contain particular unenforceable, provided negotiate good faith modification view revising manner which reflects, closely reasonably practicable, commercial terms originally signed.
The foregoing provisions shall govern notwithstanding any contrary provision in the Agreement or previously executed agreement between Parties. Except as otherwise expressly provided modified herein, (i) terms and conditions of remain full force effect, (ii) this Amendment #1 constitute entire exclusive Parties regarding subject matter hereof, supersede all proposals prior agreements, oral written, other communications. In event a conflict #3 Agreement, govern.
Except in the matters pending Chapter 11 Cases and connection with approvals sought from Public Utility Commission of Texas, there are no Proceedings or, to knowledge Purchaser, threatened against Purchaser (a) that question validity this Agreement or any action taken be by with, seek enjoin obtain monetary damages respect of, consummation transactions contemplated hereby (b) would reasonably he expected prevent, restrict impair otherwise adversely affect ability perform its obligations under consummate Agreement.
The Company and the Subsidiaries have filed all United States federal income Tax returns other material which are required to be by any of them paid Taxes due pursuant said or assessment received Subsidiary, except such Taxes, if any, as being contested in good faith adequate reserves been provided accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles, where failure make payment could not reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Effect. charges, accruals on books respect governmental charges made Principles.
Loan Guarantee " shall have the meaning provided in Section 9 . 7 Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, each Party is responsible for its own costs and expenses incurred connection with Agreement the transactions under Agreement. If at any time an Event of Default with respect to a Party has occurred and is continuing, the other party may terminate this Agreement deem Expiration Date have by giving written notice Defaulting specifying relevant Default.
For purposes of this Section 3.01 , the term “applicable Law” or Laws” includes FATCA. The Purchaser (a) is solvent, (b) will not become insolvent as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (c) capable paying its debts they mature, and (d) remain repaying mature after effecting such transactions.
You understand and agree that as a condition for payment to you of the amounts benefits provided under this Severance Agreement, shall not make any false, disparaging or derogatory statements third party, including, without limitation, media outlet, industry group, financial institution current former employee, consultant, client customer Company regarding Company, Company’s employees consultants, business affairs condition. further will at time speak act in manner is intended to, does fact, damage goodwill personal reputations employees.
Words of any gender used in this Agreement shall be held and construed to include other gender, words the singular number plural, vice versa, unless context requires otherwise. In addition, pronouns understood apply whether party referred is an individual, partnership, joint venture, corporation or individual individuals doing business under a firm trade name, masculine, feminine neuter each may interchangeably with same meaning.
All notices to be given hereunder shall in writing and deemed have been duly on: the date personally or hand delivered; one (1) day after being sent by internationally-recognized overnight delivery courier; three (3) days certified mail, return receipt requested. Notices mailed Executive Executive’s last home address as reflected Company’s personnel records. promptly notify Company of any change address. issued directed CEO headquarters.
The provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the Closing (and not be merged therein) or earlier termination Agreement. The Company employs Employee, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, through earlier June 30, 2021 or such date as Agreement shall terminate expire provided herein (the “Term”). This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by an instrument in writing specifically referring to the terms and/or and signed all Parties.
If any provision or obligation under this Amendment and the other Loan Documents shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to invalid, illegal unenforceable, that deemed severed from validity, legality enforceability remaining provisions obligations remain in full force as though illegal, unenforceable had never been part Documents, provided , however if rate interest amount payable Note Document, right collectability therefore, are declared become Lender’s make advances not enforceable Borrower.
The authorized Stock of each Borrower, as the Closing Date, is set forth on Schedule 7.33 hereto. Pledgor legally and beneficially owns all issued outstanding Borrower. All Borrower duly validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable, free clear Liens or pledges other than Permitted Liens, such was in compliance with applicable state, federal foreign laws concerning issuance securities. No shares those owned by are outstanding. There no preemptive rights, options, warrants, conversion rights similar agreements understandings for purchase acquisition from any equity securities
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute one and the same instrument. Any signature page delivered by facsimile electronic image transmission binding to extent as original page. Party that delivers a deliver counterpart any other requests such counterpart, it being understood agreed failure upon request not affect nature transmission.
Because the Company is a Colorado corporation, and because it mutually agreed that in best interests of all its employees uniform body law consistently interpreted be applied to employment agreements which party, this Agreement will deemed entered into by Executive Colorado. The State govern interpretation application provisions Agreement. The parties to this Release agree and will cooperate fully with each other in the performance of execute such additional agreements, documents or instruments as Bigfoot reasonably be required carry out intent Release. This includes an obligation good faith its performance, construction interpretation.
The masculine gender, when appearing in the Plan, shall include feminine gender (and vice versa), and singular plural, unless Plan clearly states to contrary. Headings subheadings are for purpose of reference only not be considered construction Plan. If any provision is determined reason invalid or unenforceable, remaining provisions continue full force effect.
The issuance of this Option (and the Shares upon exercise Option) pursuant to Agreement shall be subject to, and comply with, any applicable requirements foreign U.S. federal state securities laws, rules regulations (including, without limitation, provisions Securities Act 1933, as amended, 1934 in each case respective promulgated thereunder) other law or regulation thereto. Company not obligated issue if such would violate requirements.
On the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, effective as of Effective Date Company agrees to employ Executive, Executive be employed by Company, for term Section 2 hereof position with duties 3 hereof. For avoidance doubt, APUS, mutually agree that Executive’s role an officer APUS shall terminate on Date, connection therewith (a) date was no longer deemed a party hereto, except it will continue able enforce its rights arising prior hereof, including respect Sections 8 9, (b) not entitled any benefits pursuant 10 result thereof.
Any material representation or warranty of the Borrower made in Purchase Agreement shall be false misleading any respect as Issue Date, except to extent such is a different date which case have been date. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid by a court competent jurisdiction, then the remaining provisions shall remain, nevertheless, in full force and effect. The parties agree renegotiate good faith term bound mutually agreed substitute order give most effect intended parties.
Any notice to the Company provided for in this Agreement will be addressed care of Corporate Secretary at Company’s corporate headquarters, and any Participant current address shown on payroll records Company, or such other as may designate writing. delivered by hand, sent facsimile enclosed a properly sealed envelope stated above, registered deposited, postage prepaid, post office regularly maintained United States Postal Service with an overnight courier.
Parent, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries own, license or possess right to use, all Intellectual Property that is reasonably necessary for operation of their businesses as currently conducted, without conflict with any Person, except extent such conflicts, individually in aggregate, could not be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. No used by Subsidiary business conducted infringes upon rights held Person infringements, which claim litigation regarding pending or, knowledge Parent Borrower, threatened against Subsidiary, which,
During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to four weeks paid vacation each calendar year, in accordance with Company’s policy taken at such times as may mutually agreed by and Company. Unused any year carried over next year; provided that, no event Executive’s eligible time exceed 8 year. If unused exceeds weeks, excess above will cash on final regular payroll date that occurs quarter which accrued. In employment is terminated for reason, Company pay all accrued, vacation, up a maximum of first follows termination.
This Amendment Agreement, together with the Loan Documents (collectively, “ Relevant ”), sets forth entire understanding and agreement of parties hereto in relation to subject matter hereof supersedes any prior negotiations agreements among relating such matter. No promise, condition, representation or warranty, express implied, not set shall bind party hereto, no has relied on warranty. Each acknowledges that, except as otherwise expressly stated Documents, representations, warranties commitments, have been made by other thereof. None terms conditions this Agreement may be changed, modified, waived canceled orally otherwise, writing.
This Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded or cancelled, and any of the terms, covenants, representations, warranties conditions hereof waived, only by a written instrument executed parties hereto. Each Loan Party shall use the proceeds of Advances (a) to develop and acquire for exploration production Oil Gas Properties, (b) general corporate purposes, including closing costs working capital needs, (c) payoff balance owing pursuant Existing Credit Agreement. The Borrower Letters purposes.
Unless otherwise expressly provided herein or the context of this Agreement requires, (a) words any gender include each other gender, (b) such as “ ” , hereof and hereunder refer to a whole not merely particular provision in which appear, (c) using singular will plural, vice versa, (d) include, includes including be deemed followed by phrase but limited ’’ without limitation inter alia similar import, (e) references Article, Section, shall all Sections subsections therein.
Landlord bas delivered to Tenant copies of all studies in Landlord's possession concerning the presence Hazardous Substances on Premises and will promptly furnish with a copy any additional such study that obtains or within two months after Commencement Date. represents that, current actual knowledge (without duty investigation), there are no present as date this Lease manner quantity violates Environmental Laws. indemnify, defend hold harmless from against damages, costs, losses, expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees engineering fees) arising attributable (i) existence Substance at result acts its agents, employees contractors, (ii) breach by representation contained Section 6.3.
The First Lien Collateral Agent, each Representative, on behalf of itself and Secured Party under the Debt Facility for which it is acting, Second itself, its Facility, Third Agent agrees that will take such further action shall execute deliver additional documents instruments (in recordable form, if requested) as other parties hereto may reasonably request to effectuate terms of, priorities contemplated by, this Agreement.
Ryan shall be paid an annual base salary of four hundred fifty thousand Dollars ($450,000) payable in accordance with Unilife’s standard payroll practices. Ryan’s will subject to the customary withholding and employment taxes, as required by law, respect compensation employer employee. At discretion Compensation Committee Board Directors Unilife (the “Compensation Committee”), eligible for increases salary. Further, not reduce less than what is agreed herein.
This IP Security Agreement has been entered into in conjunction with the provisions of Agreement. Each Grantor does hereby acknowledge and confirm that grant security interest hereunder to, rights remedies of, Collateral Agent respect to are more fully set forth Agreement, terms which incorporated herein by reference as if herein.
Benefits under the Plan may not be assigned. Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement have the definitions set forth body of Agreement. Any and not defined meanings assigned to such on Schedule 1.1 . Except as previously disclosed to REIT II pursuant the I Disclosure Letter or Letter, no broker, finder investment banker is entitled any brokerage, finder’s other fee commission in connection with transactions contemplated hereby based upon arrangements made by on behalf of Advisor its Affiliates.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of separate original counterparts (or telecopied or electronically transmitted with execution copy to follow) and by the different parties on counterparts, each which shall deemed an original, but all such together constitute one agreement. Delivery counterpart a signature page this telecopy electronic transmission (e.g. “pdf” “tif”) have same effect as delivery manually Amendment.
This Agreement and the Note will be governed by construed in accordance with laws of State Ohio, without regard to principles conflict laws. The several captions different Sections this are inserted for convenience only shall ignored interpreting provisions hereof. THIS GUARANTY AND THE VALIDITY ENFORCEABILITY HEREOF SHALL BE GOVERNED BY CONSTRUED INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH LAWS OF STATE TEXAS.
No Default or Event of has occurred and is continuing would result from the consummation transactions contemplated by this Agreement any other Loan Document. Party subsidiary in default performance, observance fulfillment obligations, covenants conditions contained agreement to which it a party contractual obligation bound (other than an obligations evidencing governing Indebtedness), each case, reasonably be expected have Material Adverse Effect.
In addition to and supplemental of the anniversary fees described in Tenth Loan Modification Agreement (Domestic) all other expenses under Documents, Borrower shall pay Bank a fully-earned, non-refundable modification fee equal Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000), payable on or before Eleventh Effective Date. also reimburse for legal incurred connection with Existing Documents this Agreement.
The Agreement and the parties’ obligations hereunder shall terminate upon death of Employee; provided, however, that in such event, parties be required to carry out any provisions this which contemplate performance by them subsequent termination, Company pay estate Employee earned but unpaid salary accrued unused PTO as date Employee’s death.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including counterparts transmitted by facsimile or electronic mail, one which shall constitute an original this Agreement. When mail copies hav e been all parties hereto, they have the same effect as if signatures to each counterpart copy were upon documents and such deemed valid originals. The agree that transferred a single document request party. not binding unless until it fully delivered hereto. In event is way o f transmission party delivering promptly deliver ink-signed other overnight courier service; provided fail ure validity, enforceability mail.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with laws State Michigan. Versartis has not granted any assignment, license, covenant to sue, or other similar interest benefit, exclusive otherwise, Third Party relating patent, know-how, proprietary right that conflicts with limits the rights Teijin hereunder which falls within scope of licenses in ARTICLE II.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts (including by less than all parties hereto), each which shall deemed to an original, but together constitute one and the same instrument. A signed copy this delivered PDF, facsimile, e-mail or other means electronic transmission have legal effect as delivery original Amendment.
The Borrower shall have (A) paid to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees required be by it on Closing Date, including those set forth in Agent Fee Letter, and (B) or caused all reasonable expenses of special counsel that been invoiced prior Date connection with preparation, execution delivery this Agreement other Loan Documents consummation transactions contemplated hereby thereby.
Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, all rights and obligations Parties under Agreement shall terminate except as expressly provided in Sections 12.1, 12.2 12.3 above those following Articles Sections: [ * ] . This Agreement and all questions relating to its validity, interpretation performance shall be governed by construed in accordance with the laws of State New York, without regard conflicts principles.
The authorized equity securities of each the Credit Parties as Closing Date are set forth on Schedule 3.4 . All issued and outstanding duly validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable, free clear all Liens (other than Permitted Liens) other those in favor Agent for benefit Lenders, such were material respects compliance with applicable Laws. identity holders percentage their fully-diluted ownership is No shares capital stock or any Party, described above, Date. Except , there no preemptive rights, options, warrants, conversion rights similar agreements understandings purchase acquisition from Party entity.
The financial statements described in Section 6.11 present fairly, all material respects, the position and results of operations cash flows TCEH its consolidated Subsidiaries, each case, as dates thereof for such period covered thereby accordance with GAAP, consistently applied throughout periods thereby, except otherwise noted therein, subject, case any unaudited statements, to changes resulting from normal year-end adjustments absence footnotes. There has been no Material Adverse Effect since Closing Date.
Reasonable prior notification of the time and place any public sale Collateral, or reasonable after which private other intended disposition Collateral is to be made, shall sent Debtors Person entitled notice under UCC; provided that, extent permitted by applicable Law, if threatens decline speedily in value type customarily sold on a recognized market, Secured Party may sell otherwise dispose without notification, advertisement, kind giving such not possible causing undue expenses delays; that given as soon thereafter. It agreed less than ten days taking action relates for purposes this subparagraph. necessary at location sale.
Contractor shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Client, its subsidiaries, affiliates, customers, clients, agents, officers, directors, employees, partners from against any all claims, actions, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, or expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) that are based upon arise out of (a) acts omissions by Contractor, (b) Contractor’s breach warranty, representation, other provision this Agreement.
Such Debtor will not create, incur, or suffer to exist any Lien on the Collateral except (i) security interest created by this Security Agreement, and (ii) other Liens permitted pursuant Indenture. As defined in Section 5.06 . No Default or Event of shall have occurred and be continuing on such date immediately after giving effect to the Extension Credit requested made date.
The Employee shall be entitled to annual paid vacation in accordance with the policies established by Board of Directors for executive employees and voluntary leave absence, or without pay, from time at such times upon conditions as may determine its discretion. The Company, and the Buyer shall have right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance any press releases with respect transactions contemplated hereby.
Termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason shall not release a Party from liability obligation that already has accrued prior to such termination, nor affect the survival provision hereto extent it is expressly stated survive termination. The following provisions termination period time specified therein, if specified, then they indefinitely: Articles [*] and Sections [*]. For clarity, noted in Section 7.1 commence on effective date Agreement.
Damages in the event of breach this Agreement by a party hereto may be difficult, if not impossible, to ascertain, and it is therefore agreed that each party, addition without limiting any other remedy or right have, will have an injunction equitable relief court competent jurisdiction, enjoining such breach, enforcing specifically terms provisions hereof, parties hereby waives all defenses on ground lack jurisdiction competence grant relief. The existence preclude from pursuing rights remedies at law equity have.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS GUARANTY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT THEORY). (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO AGREEMENT FACILITY DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
Comply in all material respects with the requirements of Laws and orders, writs, injunctions decrees applicable to it or its business property, except such instances which (a) requirement Law order, writ, injunction decree is being contested good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; (b) failure comply therewith, aggregate, could not reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Seller hereby represents and warrants to the Buyer with respect each Transaction Unit on Closing Date that, as of Cut-Off or Date, applicable, (i) Closed-End Lease included in 2016-A Reference Pool complies all requirements Applicable Law material respects, (ii) that information relating set forth Schedule 1 Exchange Note Supplement is true correct (iii) a allocated was an Eligible Lease. This Section 2.3(b) shall survive allocation Units Pool.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Parties their respective successors permitted assigns; provided, that no Party this will assign its rights or delegate any all obligations under without express prior written consent other Agreement; further, NantWorks may part performance Services Service Providers obtaining Company, provided in case such assignment relieve hereunder. Any purported transfer violation Section 7.01 null void effect.
There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge Company, threatened against affecting any Subsidiary their respective properties before by court, arbitrator, governmental administrative agency regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local foreign) (collectively, an “ Action ”), which could adversely affect challenges legality, validity enforceability Transaction Documents Note. The Commission has not issued stop order other suspending effectiveness registration statement filed Company under Exchange Act Act.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon parties hereto, their successors in interest, heirs assigns any subsequent owner Property. Any notice hereunder to the Corporation shall be addressed it at Drone Aviation Holding Corp., 11651 Central Parkway #118, Jacksonville, FL 32224, Attention: CEO, and any Holder last known home address shown in records of Corporation, subject right party hereto designate another time hereafter writing.
As a condition of receiving any severance payments under this Agreement, Executive must sign and not revoke, within the deadlines provided by Company in compliance with applicable federal and/or state laws, written release all employment claims against its related entities, including, without limitation, discrimination kind, wage payment, breach contract, for workers compensation, unemployment, disability that has or may have at termination employment. In addition, will agree to sue other entities persons released.
On the Closing Date, upon terms and subject to conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with execution delivery of this Agreement by parties hereto, Company agrees sell, each Purchaser, severally not jointly, purchase that number Shares specified below such Purchaser’s name on signature pages next heading “Shares”. Purchaser shall deliver via wire transfer, immediately available funds equal its Subscription Amount as page hereto executed divided Per Share Purchase Price, other items in Section 2.2 deliverable at Closing. Upon satisfaction covenants Sections 2.3, occur offices Counsel or location mutually agree.
The Company may withhold from any benefits payable under this Plan all federal, state, city, or other taxes as be required pursuant to law governmental regulation ruling. Unless otherwise indicated herein, all terms, which are capitalized, but not defined shall have the meaning ascribed to them in Original Agreements. No provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed waived, amended, supplemented or modified by any party to Agreement, unless such waiver, amendment, supplement modification is in writing and signed the authorized representative each party.
BDSI represents and warrants that (i) to BDSI’s Knowledge as of the Effective Date, Licensed Technology, Marks other intellectual property rights which are subject licenses granted Collegium hereunder comprise, all reasonably necessary for Develop Commercialize Current Product (ii) there no owned or Controlled by any its Affiliates than in cover would otherwise prevent from Developing and/or Commercializing Territory set forth herein.
This Agreement, and the rights obligations of Parties, shall be governed by construed enforced in accordance with laws State Texas, without regard to conflict rules that state . EMPLOYER AND EMPLOYEE CONSENT, STIPULATE AGREE THAT THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE OF ANY DISPUTE OR LITIGATION ARISING UNDER RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE TARRANT COUNTY, TEXAS EACH HEREBY SUBMITS JURISDICTION COURTS APPROPRIATE LOCATED IN FOR SUCH PURPOSE.
This Amendment supersedes and cancels any all previous statements, negotiations, arrangements, brochures, agreements understandings, if any, between Landlord Tenant with respect to the subject matter of this Amendment. The Lease constitute entire agreement parties There are no representations, stipulations, agreements, warranties or promises (express implied, oral written) Lease, except as set forth in Lease. It is likewise agreed that may not be altered, amended, modified extended by an instrument writing signed both Tenant.
At the Closing, Purchaser shall pay Company applicable Aggregate Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account or accounts as designate in writing at least five (5) business days prior Closing Date . For purposes of this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have definitions set forth below. Other used in Agreement that are not defined Section 1 given them Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will deemed an original, but all together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery signature page this by electronic transmission data file shall effective as delivery a manually counterpart hereof. Borrower and Lender by its acceptance of this Note, hereby waive trial jury in any action or proceeding brought hereunder pertaining hereto.
No waiver of any breach this Agreement extended by party shall be construed as a rights or remedies with respect to subsequent breach. It is agreed that no delay omission exercise right, power, remedy accruing under Agreement, upon breach, default, noncompliance the other party, impair such remedy, nor it noncompliance, acquiescence therein, in similar thereafter occurring. further waiver, permit, consent, approval kind character on party’s part provisions conditions must writing executed parties and effective only extent specifically set forth writing. All remedies, either law otherwise afforded cumulative not alternative.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding in accordance with its terms upon Issuer, Company their respective permitted successors assigns provided that this may not assigned by (except as under Article V hereof) Issuer except (i) Trustee pursuant Indenture or otherwise necessary enforce secure payment Note Service Charges (ii) any successor public body Issuer.
The Company and any of its subsidiaries shall have the right to deduct from payment be made you required Federal, state, local other taxes withheld. You solely responsible for all tax liability incurred in connection with Refinancing Bonus. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Award(s) specified in Notice of Grant shall be subject forfeiture, reduction or recoupment as provided Section 22.1 Plan, and any compensation recovery policy adopted by Company at time.
(a) The Company hereby represents that this Agreement and the performance by of its obligations hereunder (i) has been duly authorized, executed delivered Company, is a valid binding obligation enforceable against in accordance with terms, (ii) does not require approval shareholders (iii) will violate any law, order court or other agency government, charter bylaws stock exchange rule regulation, provision indenture, agreement instrument to which properties assets are bound, conflict with, result breach constitute (with due notice lapse time both) default under such instrument, creation imposition of, give rise to, lien, charge, restriction, claim, encumbrance adverse penalty nature whatsoever pursuant instrument.
If any provision(s) hereof are in conflict with statute or rule of law the State Michigan state where Property is located (as may be applicable under pursuant to Loan Agreement) otherwise unenforceable for reason whatever, then such shall deemed null and void extent unenforceability, but separable from not invalidate other provisions this Mortgage.
The Borrower will not, and not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create or acquire additional redesignate an Unrestricted as a unless the gives written notice to Administrative Agent of such creation acquisition complies with Section 8.14(b) 8.14(c) . shall sell, assign otherwise Dispose Equity Interests in except (i) connection issuance director qualifying shares, (ii) transactions permitted under 9.12 , 9.13(e) 9.13(f) (iii) other sales, assignments dispositions Subsidiaries having aggregate fair market value exceed $5.0 million during fiscal year.
This Amendment may be executed by counterparts, each such counterpart shall deemed to an original, but all counterparts together constitute one contract. The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that facsimile signatures or transmitted electronic mail in so-called “PDF” format legal binding have the same full force effect as if original of this had been delivered. Sellers Purchaser (i) intend bound on any document sent mail, (ii) are aware other party will rely signatures, (iii) waive defenses enforcement terms based foregoing forms signature.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of State Texas (without regard to its rules on conflicts laws). All costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transfer delivery of Mortgage Loans, including recording fees, fees for title policy endorsements continuations Seller’s attorney’s shall be paid by Seller. other borne party incurring such costs.
None of Issuer, Co-Issuer, or Parent any their respective affiliates (as defined in Rule 501(b) Regulation D) has directly, through agent, sold, offered for sale, solicited offers to buy otherwise negotiated respect of, security the Securities Act) that is will be integrated with sale Notes a manner would require registration under Act.
In case anyone or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall, for any reason, be held to invalid, illegal unenforceable respect, such invalidity, illegality unenforceability shall not affect other Agreement, but construed as if illegal, provision had never been herein. If, moreover, reason excessively broad duration, geographical scope subject, it by limiting and reducing so enforceable extent compatible with applicable law then appear.
The Borrower shall use the proceeds of Loans only (i) to Refinance outstanding Debt under Existing Credit Agreement and (ii) pay fees, expenses costs Transactions. No part any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, (x) for purpose that would violate regulations Board, including Regulations T, U X (y) finance purchase carry margin stock (within meaning Regulation Board). If requested by Administrative Agent, furnish Agent each Lender a statement foregoing effect in conformity with requirements Form FR U-1, G-3 such other form referred as case may be.
Each Party shall be responsible for its own legal fees and expenses. Subject to Sections 2 and 7 of this Agreement 9.1 10.6 the Plan, may be amended only by a writing executed parties hereto if such amendment would materially adversely affect Employee. Any shall specifically state that it is amending Agreement.
Other than providing the compensation and benefits provided for in accordance with this Section 4, Company its directors, officers, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, stockholders, successors, assigns, agents representatives shall have no further obligation or liability to Executive any other person under Agreement. The payment of amounts pursuant 4 (other payments required by law) is expressly conditioned upon (i) delivery a release form substance reasonably satisfactory all claims may against arising out related Executive’s employment termination such (ii) not revoking within seven days his release. provide proposed later (7) following date termination, execute fifty-two (52) after termination.
No consent, approval, order or authorization of, any registration, declaration filing with, court, agency, governmental authority third party is required in connection with the valid execution, delivery, consummation and performance of this Release by Bigfoot Parties. Your position is Chief Human Resources Officer. This based in our Store Support Center, and you will report to me. We look forward having begin employment on August 3, 2016.
Each party will pay its own respective financial advisory, legal, accounting and other expenses incurred by it or for benefit in connection with the preparation execution of this Agreement Ancillary Agreements, compliance herewith therewith Contemplated Transactions. All Shareholder Transaction Expenses not paid Shareholders reimbursed to Company prior Closing be borne means an adjustment Cash Consideration pursuant Section 2.0 3 or, extent such Expenses, amount thereof, are determined after Closing, directly promptly upon delivery invoice Parent. The has delivered made available Parent a complete accurate list description all Expenses.
This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, embodies entire agreement and understanding among Company, Guarantors, Lenders Administrative Agent, supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements understandings of such Persons, oral written, relating to subject matter hereof thereof there are no promises, undertakings, representations warranties by Agent any Secured Party relative not expressly set forth referred herein in Document. To extent that provision is inconsistent term Orders, Order shall control.
The Company agrees to (and will cause the Public Entity, upon consummation of Merger, undertake to) indemnify Placement Agents, jointly and severally, their sub agent(s), controlling persons, representatives agents in accordance with indemnification provisions set forth Appendix I . These apply regardless whether any Offering is consummated. Borrower shall use the proceeds of Loan to pay, reduce and pay off Borrower’s debt, including, without limitation, Loan, or reimburse amounts paid in respect Aggregate Transaction Costs provide working capital continue operation marketing Properties, with excess distributed Member another Affiliates.
Each of the Security Parties hereby represents and warrants that, after giving effect to this Consent Amendment, no Event Default nor event which, with passage time, notice or both would become an Default, has occurred is continuing as date hereof. The Borrower maintains, and has caused each Subsidiary to maintain, insurance in compliance with Section 6.6.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the satisfaction of conditions set forth in Section 3.1 above, and thereafter be binding inure to benefit Borrower, Administrative Agent, each Lender their respective successors assigns, except that neither Borrower nor any other Credit Party have right assign its rights or delegate duties under this interest without prior written consent Lender.
Since May 10, 2016, the Administrative Agent shall not have become aware (i) of any material title defects arising since such date or (ii) that diligence materials reviewed by (or counsels thereto) prior to were inaccurate in respect, case clauses and (ii), extent BB Value attributable affected properties exceeds, aggregate, 5% initial Borrowing Base as set forth Section 2.02(a); provided however, inaccuracies remedied upon effectiveness pursuant to, Plan Reorganization count towards 5%.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period two (2) years, commencing on the Effective Date and subject to earlier termination as provided herein (the “Term”). Beginning first day after each thereafter, Term renewed extended ending years from that day, unless otherwise terminated hereinafter set forth. After employment Officer any reason whatsoever, Corporation, Bank continue provisions Sections 10 through 23, inclusive, Agreement.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement by each Seller the consummation transactions contemplated does not will constitute or result in a breach, violation default under (i) any agreement instrument, whether written oral, express implied, to which Sellers is party, (ii) organizational documents (iii) statute, law, ordinance, decree, order, injunction, rule, directive, judgment regulation court, administrative regulatory body, governmental authority, arbitrator, mediator similar body on part Seller, except, case, as would reasonably be expected (x) affect validity Repurchase Shares (y) materially impact Seller’s ability perform its obligations Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (including by facsimile), each which when so and delivered will deemed an original, but all such together constitute one the same instrument. The parties hereto sign this joinder, certificate or other deliverable hereunder transmit copy electronic means, including facsimile noneditable *.pdf files. is shall original signature.
Each Party shall forthwith upon request execute and deliver such documents take commercially reasonable actions as may reasonably be requested by the other in order to effectuate purposes of this Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein (including in Section 3.01), each Party shall bear its own expenses incurred connection with this Agreement.
This Agreement may be amended or modified by the Committee at any time; provided that no amendment modification materially impairs rights of Grantee as this shall effective unless set forth in writing signed parties hereto, except such an made to cause terms Restricted Stock granted hereunder comply with applicable law (including tax law), Applicable Exchange listing standards, accounting rules. The waiver either party compliance provision not operate construed a other Agreement, subsequent breach Agreement.
As of the effective date this Amendment, no Default or Event shall have occurred and be continuing. Capitalized terms in this Amendment that are not defined have the meanings given to them Agreement. If there is any conflict between Agreement and provision of Amendment, will control. This Amendment shall be effective December 8, 2015. Except as hereby amended, the Plan remain in full force and effect.
The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries will maintain with financially sound reputable insurance companies and/or make provisions for self‑insurance in such amounts against risks as are usually carried by engaged similar business consistent the prudent operation business. furnish to Administrative Agent, upon written request Agent or any Lender, reasonable information carried; provided , however requests shall be limited twice per calendar year aggregate.
Each Borrower is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of State Delaware, authorized to transact business where Individual Property owned by such located, has all necessary licenses, authorizations, registrations and/or approvals, full power authority, own its Property. will maintain existence, franchises, rights privileges Delaware no will, without prior written consent Lender, (i) dissolve, terminate or otherwise dispose, directly indirectly operation law, substantially assets, except as expressly provided herein (iii) change name legal structure organizational form from organized Delaware.
Upon the occurrence of any such Event Default, Secured Party shall have rights a secured creditor under UCC, all granted by this Agreement and law, including, without limiting foregoing, (a) right to require Debtor assemble Collateral make it available at place be designated Party, (b) take possession Collateral, for that purpose may enter upon premises on which situated remove therefrom. hereby agrees fifteen (15) days’ notice public sale or date after private is reasonable.
The representations and warranties of the parties contained in this Agreement shall survive Closing transfer title to Property for a period twelve (12) months (the “ Survival Period ”). The following rules apply to the vesting of your Deferred Units in event termination service as a Director Company. The headings of the Sections herein are included solely for convenience. If and text this Agreement conflict, shall control.
Any notice from LESSOR to LESSEE relating the leased premises or occupancy thereof shall be deemed duly served when left at premises, by constable, sent last address designated in accordance with this section, certified registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, recognized courier service a therefor, addressed LESSEE. delivered 200 West Cummings Park, Woburn, MA 01801 LESSOR’s address. No oral representation have any force effect. Time is of essence notice.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of parties hereto, their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors assigns. Each party hereto will promptly and duly execute deliver to the other such further documents assurances take action as may from time reasonably request in order more effectively carry out intent purpose of this Agreement establish protect rights remedies created or intended be hereby.
The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each member of the Committee or subcommittee appointed by any employee director a subsidiary to whom duty power relating administration interpretation plan is delegated from against loss, cost, liability (including sum paid in settlement claim with approval board directors), damage expense, including legal other expenses incident thereto, arising out incurred connection such person’s services under plan, unless except extent attributable fraud willful misconduct.
The Company intends to use the net proceeds from sale of Securities for working capital and general corporate purposes. also may a portion proceeds, currently intended purposes, acquire or invest in entities, technologies, products services that complement its business. This option shall be effective as of the date set forth in grant.
There is no claim, action, suit, proceeding, arbitration, complaint, charge or investigation pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, currently threatened, against Company any officer, director Key Employee of arising out their employment board relationship with that would, individually in aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither nor, its officers, directors Employees party named as subject provisions order, writ, injunction, judgment decree court government agency instrumentality (in case Employees, such would affect Company) proceeding by threatened writing (or basis therefor known involving prior employees, services provided connection business, information techniques allegedly proprietary former employers obligations under agreements
This Agreement shall be (a) binding upon all successors and assigns of the Company (including any transferee or a substantial portion business, stock and/or assets direct indirect successor by merger consolidation otherwise operation law) (b) on inure to benefit heirs, personal representatives, executors administrators Indemnitee. continue for Indemnitee such after has ceased have Corporate Status.
(a) The audited consolidated balance sheets and the statements of income, stockholders’ or shareholders’ equity, cash flow for Parent its subsidiaries (b) unaudited equity subsidiaries, in each case as set forth Form 10, including notes thereto, if applicable, present fairly all material respects financial position dates periods referred to therein results operations flows then ended, and, except on Schedule 3.05 (as may be updated prior Spinoff Date a manner acceptable Administrative Agent), were prepared accordance with GAAP applied consistent basis throughout covered thereby, except, interim period statements, absence normal year-end adjustments otherwise noted therein.
This Agreement shall become effective (other than Sections 2.01 and 2.17, which only upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.01) when it have been executed by PPG Lender thereafter be binding inure to benefit Borrower, their respective successors assigns, except that Borrower not right assign any its rights or obligations hereunder interest herein without prior written consent Lender.
The execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of the Operative Documents to which it is a party (a) are within its powers, (b) have been duly authorized all necessary action pursuant Organizational Documents, (c) require no further or in respect of, filing with, any Governmental Authority, except for filings perfect Liens created (d) do not violate, conflict with cause breach default under (i) Law applicable material respect, (ii) Party, (iii) agreement instrument binding upon it, such violations, conflicts, breaches defaults as could not, this clause (iii), reasonably be expected Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of State Delaware, all claims relating to or arising out this Agreement, breach thereof, whether sounding contract, tort otherwise, likewise by excluding such State’s choice-of-law principles. The Court have exclusive jurisdiction (to extent that it has subject matter jurisdiction) matters under Parties hereto expressly consent submit personal Court. does not limit restrict remedies available any Party for another Party, reserve them, at law equity, Agreement.
The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender, replacement any termination Facility repayment, satisfaction or discharge all other Loan Obligations. The Restricted Stock Units shall become vested immediately prior to a Change in Control if the would not otherwise be continued, converted, assumed, or replaced by Company successor entity thereto connection with such Control.
Section 2.10(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all patents, patent applications, trademark registrations and pending applications for registration, copyright registration internet domain name that are owned by any Target (collectively, “ Registered Intellectual Property ”). Each owns (free clear Liens except Permitted Liens) or has right to use such Company, used in connection with its business as presently conducted
The parties agree to promptly sign all documents reasonably requested give effect the provisions of this Amendment. An eligible employee may elect to participate in the MSPP with respect any calendar year by submitting a participation agreement (in form determined Company (a “Participation Agreement”) Company, prior date established immediately preceding year.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XV , remain in effect a country-by-country basis or its entirety until date which Royalty Term expires for such Product country (the “ ”), whereupon license granted Takeda under Section 3.1 non-exclusive, fully-paid, royalty-free, perpetual and irrevocable.
This Agreement, together with any schedules and exhibits hereto, constitutes the entire agreement of Parties respect to subject matter thereof, supersede all prior agreements thereto. If a court or other body of competent jurisdiction finds, the parties mutually believe, any provision this Agreement, portion thereof, to be invalid unenforceable, such will enforced maximum extent permissible so as effect intent parties, and remainder Agreement continue in full force effect.
The Participant may be required to pay the Company or any Affiliate and shall have right is hereby authorized withhold from transfer due under this Agreement Plan compensation other amount owing Participant, applicable withholding taxes with respect take such action as necessary in opinion of satisfy all obligations for payment taxes. Notwithstanding foregoing, if Participant's employment terminates prior Shares Agreement, further made solely through sale equal statutory minimum liability.
No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby shall sell transfer property, real personal, used useful in its business, whether now owned hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent lease such property other that intends to use for substantially the same purpose purposes as sold transferred, except sale of fixed capital assets by Borrower is made cash consideration an amount not less than fair value asset consummated within 90 days after acquires completes construction asset.
The Parties agree that each of the provisions included in this Agreement is separate, distinct, and severable from other invalidity or unenforceability any provision shall not affect validity enforceability Agreement. Further, if ruled invalid unenforceable by a court competent jurisdiction because conflict between applicable law, regulation, public policy, be redrawn to make consistent with, valid enforceable under, such policy.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Notice or these Terms and Conditions to contrary, if you die before Fourth Vesting Date have otherwise terminated employment with Company Group, all remaining Forfeiture Restrictions shall immediately lapse on date termination your due death. No amendment or modification of any provision this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by the Company all Stockholders.
Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement Company shall addressed in care Secretary at Company’s principal office, and any Participant Participant’s last address reflected on records. By a pursuant Section 6.4, either party may hereafter designate different for notices that party. deemed duly when sent via email or by certified mail (return receipt requested) deposited (with postage prepaid) post office branch regularly maintained United States Postal Service.
All initially capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such in Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company may withhold from amounts payable under or benefits received pursuant hereto, Federal, state and/or local taxes as shall be required to withheld applicable law regulation, or, applicable, impute income for tax purposes, extent with respect Agreement.
All representations and warranties contained in this Guaranty or any other agreement between the Guarantor Minnetronix shall survive execution, delivery performance of creation payment Obligations. Captions are for reference convenience only not affect interpretation meaning provision Guaranty. This Agreement and the Shareholder represent entire agreement of parties with respect to subject matter hereof no provision or document any kind shall be included in form a part this except by mutual, written consent parties.
A one-time Interest charge of 10% shall be applied to the Principal Sum. The is in addition OID, and that OID remains payable regardless time manner payment by Issuer. Issuer may repay up 98% (such Investor retain 2%) this Note at any on or before 180 days after its Effective Date an amount equal 140% sum Sum being repaid plus all accrued unpaid interest, liquidated damages, fees other amounts due such not Consideration prior Maturity without written approval from Investor.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between Lenders, obligations of Account Parties under this Agreement may be declared to forthwith due payable provided in Article VIII (and shall deemed have become automatically circumstances VIII) for purposes Section 3.01 notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or from becoming payable) against Party event being payable), (whether not Party) 3.01.
The Guarantor hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless each Guaranteed Creditor from against any losses, costs or expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees litigation costs) incurred by such in connection with Creditor’s collection of sum due hereunder its enforcement the other Creditors’ rights hereunder. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein (including Section 6.01 hereof), all costs and expenses, including, without limitation, fees disbursements of counsel, financial advisors accountants, incurred in connection with this Agreement the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by party incurring such whether or not Closing have occurred.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each which when so delivered shall an original, but all together constitute one same instrument. A set lodged with Parent Borrower Administrative Agent. Section and Subsection headings herein are included for convenience of reference only shall not affect the interpretation this Amendment or any other Loan Document.
Except as set forth in the Revolver, Originator has filed consolidated United States federal income tax returns for all taxable years ended on or before January 3, 2015, and such of year date have been examined approved by Internal Revenue Service, any additional assessments paid applicable statute limitations therefor expired. There are no pending its Subsidiaries after nor to Actual Knowledge is assessment threatened, other than those provided adequate reserves under GAAP that would not reasonably be expected result Material Adverse Effect.
The obligations under this Agreement are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A Code or an exemption exclusion therefrom and shall in all respects be administered accordance Code. Any payments that qualify for “short-term deferral” exception, separation pay exception another paid applicable maximum extent permissible. For purposes limitations on nonqualified deferred compensation Code, each payment treated as a separate applying short-term deferral amounts, any other In no event may Executive, directly indirectly, designate calendar year Agreement. All made upon termination employment only “separation from service” necessary order avoid imposition penalty taxes Executive pursuant
The representations and warranties of the parties contained in this Agreement shall survive for twelve (12) months following Closing, except that (a) Company Sections 2.1(a), 2.1(b), 2.1(c)(1) 2.1(e) will three (3) years (b) Purchaser 2.2(a), 2.2(b)(1) or 2.2(c) until expiration applicable statute limitations. All covenants other agreements fully performed fulfilled, unless to extent non-compliance with such is waived writing by party entitled performance.
Any notice required to be delivered the Company under this Agreement shall in writing and addressed Committee, care of Company, at Company’s principal corporate offices. Grantee Grantee’s address as shown records Company. Either party may designate another (or by such other method approved Committee) from time time. The defined terms set forth in this Amendment shall have the same meanings as Agreement.
If, after Administrative Agent has paid each Lender’s proportionate share of any payment received or applied by in respect the Loan, that is rescinded must otherwise be returned over Agent, whether pursuant to bankruptcy insolvency law, sharing payments clause loan agreement otherwise, such Lender shall, at Agent’s request, promptly return its application together with interest other amount required application.
Schedule 5.10 correctly sets forth, as of the Second Restatement Closing Date, each Subsidiary Credit Parties, its respective jurisdiction organization and percentage ownership (direct indirect) such Party in class capital stock or other Equity Interests Subsidiaries also identifies direct owner thereof. The Company has all necessary power and authority to execute, deliver perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents consummate Transaction, no stockholder actions are for Company’s execution, delivery performance of Transaction.
Unless this Agreement has otherwise terminated pursuant to Section 8.4, Article II shall terminate on December 31, 2017. In addition, unless been 8.4 or the first sentence of 2.11, Sections 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4 and 2.6 upon a Change Control Archrock; provided , that in event such termination, Archrock Entities continue be prohibited until 2017, without prior written approval Conflicts Committee, from providing (whether directly, including through acquisition equipment, indirectly investment equity debt securities any Person) Competitive Services particular Partnership Customer at Site which Group was date Archrock.
The provisions of this Section 7.7 are also for the benefit Indemnitees, their employees, officers, directors, trustees, heirs, successors, assigns and administrators shall not be deemed to create any rights other Persons. Any amendment, modification or repeal , provision hereof, prospective only in way affect limitation on Partnership’s liability Indemnitee under as effect immediately prior such with respect claims arising from related matters occurring, whole part, repeal, regardless when may arise asserted.
The 2016-A Lease was fully and properly executed by the parties thereto such represents legal, valid binding full-recourse payment obligation of related Lessee, enforceable against Lessee in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability is subject to or limited bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium other similar laws affecting enforcement creditors’ rights general principles equity (whether considered a suit at law equity).
Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires (a) words any gender include each other gender, (b) using singular or plural number also number, respectively, (c) terms “hereof,” “herein,” “hereby,” and derivative similar refer to entire Agreement, (d) “Article,” “Section,” “Exhibit” specified Article, Section Exhibit (e) “include,” “includes,” “including,” shall be deemed followed by “without limitation” unless indicated. Whenever refers a days, specified, such calendar days. The headings in are for reference purposes only not affect way meaning interpretation Agreement.
EACH BORROWER AND LENDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF RELATING THE FINANCING DOCUMENTS TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY AGREES THAT SUCH SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT NOT JURY. ACKNOWLEDGES THIS WAIVER IS MATERIAL INDUCEMENT ENTER INTO BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP, HAS RELIED ON ENTERING AGREEMENT OTHER DOCUMENTS, WILL CONTINUE RELY THEIR RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS. WARRANTS REPRESENTS IT HAD OPPORTUNITY REVIEWING WITH COUNSEL, KNOWINGLY VOLUNTARILY ITS RIGHTS.
This Amendment No. 2 may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall an original, but all taken together constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery counterpart this by telefacsimile or other electronic method transmission (including pdf e-mail transmission) have force effect as delivery original 2. Any party delivering also deliver 2, failure to do so not affect validity, enforceability, binding
The Executive’s employment shall terminate automatically if the Executive dies during Employment Period. The 7th Floor Premises will have one (1) dedicated 277/480V 600amp panel for normal power. rooftop/mechanical penthouse a 277/480V, 1200amp main panel, of which Tenant use Tenant’s Pro Rata Share, with sub-panel to be provided by Tenant.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall not be assignable by any party, without the other party's written consent, such consent to unreasonably withheld, except that is required in connection with assignment of parties’ obligation s an affiliate party ; , however relieve parties hereto from obligations under Agreement.
The parties to each assignment shall deliver the Administrative Agent (A) a duly executed Assignment and Acceptance, (B) processing recordation fee of $3,500 (except with respect any by Lender one its Affiliates), (C) an Questionnaire unless assignee is already (D) documents required under Section 2.20(e) . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Commonwealth Virginia without reference to its conflicts principles.
Pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan and Guidelines, Committee will (in case a Covered Employee) may (with respect other Participants) adjust Performance Targets for relevant Period exclude impact charges restructurings, discontinued operations, extraordinary items, all non-cash resulting from any write-down oil gas properties components Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI), unusual or non-recurring cumulative effect accounting changes, each as defined by generally accepted principles identified in Southwestern’s audited financial statements, including notes thereto.
If any provision of this Agreement is determined by court competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in respect, such will enforced the maximum extent possible given intent Parties hereto. clause cannot so enforced, shall stricken from and remainder as if had (to not enforceable) never been contained Agreement.
Effective as of the Termination Date, Executive’s employment is terminated and he shall cease serving Executive Vice President, Chief Banking O fficer Company, in any other position then holds an officer, employee or member board directors Company and/or Company’s subsidiaries affiliates. agrees to execute such documents take actions may request reflect terminations.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Administrative Agent an Assignment Assumption, together with a processing recordation fee of $4,500 (or $7,500 such lesser amount as may agree, not be less than in any event) event that transferor Lender is Defaulting Lender) for (which may, its sole discretion, elect waive), assignee, if it Lender, Questionnaire. If requested by or upon consummation assignment, Agent, Company relevant Borrower make appropriate arrangements so (i) extent assignee new Notes are issued (ii) held promptly returned cancellation (and, returned, entitled receive customary indemnity agreement type described Section 2.12.(c)(ii)(A) from Lender).
For all purposes related to the addresses stated in this contract, parties constitute special domicile locations indicated Agreement where judicial or extrajudicial communications and notifications shall be valid. Any subsequent changes must communicated a reliable manner other otherwise fully effective like as if they had been made personally among parties. Additionally, instrument is subject Laws of Republic Paraguay it irrevocable, obligating contracting well their heirs, successors legatees at any title for legal emerging from commitment submit under jurisdiction Ordinary Courts Ciudad del Este expressly waiving more rights may have.
The Borrower shall use (i) the proceeds of Initial Term Loans on Closing Date solely to pay obligations outstanding under Existing Credit Agreement and Notes and, extent any remaining after application thereto, Transaction Expenses, (ii) Revolving for general corporate purposes (including transaction not prohibited by this Agreement); (iii) Letters purposes; (iv) Incremental Agreement) subject limitations specified in applicable Agreement; (v) Additional/Replacement each case Section 6.10 , compliance with 4.11 last sentence clauses (a) (b) 4.20 .
Each of Parent and Buyer is duly organized validly existing under the laws its state organization has all requisite power authority to carry on business as now being conducted. qualified or licensed do in good standing each jurisdiction which property owned, leased operated by it nature conducted makes such qualification licensing necessary.
The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or to be done all things necessary preserve, renew keep in full force effect legal existence the rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks trade names material conduct business; provided that foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, amalgamation, consolidation, liquidation dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 disposition 6.05.
The Executive and the Company each acknowledge that a breach of his/its covenants contained in this Section 6 may cause irreparable damage to other party, exact amount which would be difficult ascertain, remedies at law for any such or threatened inadequate. Accordingly, party agrees if he/it breaches threatens 6, addition remedy available equity, shall entitled specific performance injunctive relief prevent thereof without bond security showing monetary damages will not provide an adequate remedy.
The terms of this Article 9 shall survive the Closing or earlier termination Agreement. This Letter Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which counterparts shall considered and the same agreement, become effective when have been signed by each party delivered to other party. facsimile PDF signature a constitute an original for purposes.
All representations, warranties and covenants contained in this Subscription Agreement shall survive (i) the acceptance of subscription by Company Closing, (ii) changes transactions, documents instruments described Disclosure Materials which are not material or to benefit undersigned (iii) death disability undersigned. The waiver by either party of any breach or violation provision this Agreement the failure to take action in response conduct performance shall not operate be construed as a subsequent breach, violation, performance.
THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND GUARANTORS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SOUTHERN DISTRICT NEW YORK (OR STATE COURTS SITTING IN BOROUGH MANHATTAN EVENT FEDERAL LACK SUBJECT JURISDICTION) ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT RELATING LOAN DOCUMENTS AGREE THAT ALL CLAIMS RESPECT SUCH MAY BE HEARD DETERMINED COURT WAIVE OBJECTION IT NOW HEREAFTER HAVE AS VENUE SUIT, BROUGHT A IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to illegal, invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, then such contravention invalidity not invalidate the entire Agreement. Such deemed modified extent necessary render it legal, valid and enforceable, if no modification construed as containing invalid, rights obligations parties enforced accordingly. The Plan shall be binding upon all persons entitled to benefits under the Plan, their respective heirs and legal representatives, Employer, its successors assigns, Trustee, Committee, successors.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS AGREEMENT OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT THEORY). (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
Any notice under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its General Counsel at principal executive office Company, with a copy Stock Plan Administration, and Grantee address appearing personnel records for or either party such other as hereto may hereafter designate writing other. deemed effective upon receipt thereof by addressee.
This Agreement shall be binding upon the First Lien Representatives, Secured Parties, other Second Representative, Third Company and Grantors, their respective successors assigns. If any of Collateral Agents, Representative or Agent, Agent resigns is replaced pursuant to Documents, Documents as applicable, its successor deemed a party this have all rights of, subject obligations Agreement. No provision will inure benefit trustee, debtor-in-possession, creditor trust representative an estate Grantor, including where such beneficiary securing by virtue avoidance in Insolvency Liquidation Proceeding.
During the Employment Period, Executive shall receive an annual base salary (“ Annual Base Salary ”) at a rate of not less than $500,000 payable in accordance with Employer’s normal payroll policies. The Executive’s be reviewed for increase least annually by Bank Board, Bancorp Board and/or Compensation Committee (the “ pursuant to performance review reduced after any and term “Annual Salary” as utilized this Agreement refer so increased.
Mortgagor hereby consents to personal jurisdiction in any state or Federal court located Boston, Massachusetts New York, York. The captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, shall not affect the construction or interpretation any provisions hereof. The provisions of this Article 4 and the obligations Developer Coach Legacy, their respective successors assigns, shall survive Closing termination Agreement for periods provided in Section 4.01.
Each Seller and the Parent Company represents it has not assigned, hypothecated or otherwise conveyed their right, title, interest in Receivables to any person entity other than Purchaser. The Contributors shall have performed all obligations to be by them, and complied with their agreements covenants or them under this Agreement on prior the Closing.
For any fiscal year or other accounting period for the applicable Person, balance sheets, statements of operations and capital accounts, cash flows setting forth in comparative form corresponding figures year-earlier period. All headings used herein are for convenience only and will not be to construe or interpret this Note. Except where otherwise indicated, all references Sections refer hereof.
Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all Federal, state other material tax returns reports required to be filed, paid taxes, assessments, fees governmental charges levied or imposed upon them their properties, income assets otherwise due payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted for adequate reserves been provided accordance with GAAP. There is no proposed assessment against any Subsidiary thereof that would, if made, reasonably expected a Material Adverse Effect. Neither nor party sharing agreement. each of maintain the payment sales use obligations jurisdiction where such pay taxes.
Except as set forth in the Settlement Agreement, each party hereto will be responsible for and bear all of its respective costs expenses incurred connection with transactions contemplated by this Agreement. All payments to be made or benefits received by Executive under this Agreement shall subject withholding satisfy required taxes and other deductions.
All notices, instructions (pursuant to a Joint Written Direction or otherwise), approvals, consents, requests, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing deemed have been given (a) when such is delivered by hand overnight delivery service, (b) upon telephone call-back accordance with Section 16 below, after being sent e-mail PDF attachment from the designated account(s) of sending person(s) as on Schedule A hereto receiving (c) three (3) Business Days mailed first class mail (postage prepaid), each case address set forth party may designate for itself like notice.
The Company shall not issue any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement if such issuance would reasonably be expected result in a violation the Securities Act. provisions Section 2.4 implemented manner otherwise than strict conformity with terms hereof only necessary ensure compliance Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing as a limited liability company under the Laws of State Delaware, except where such failure to be would not reasonably expected have, individually or aggregate, material adverse effect.
Directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of any Extension Credit, lend, contribute otherwise make available such to Subsidiary, joint venture partner other Person, fund activities business with in Designated Jurisdiction, that, at time funding, is subject Sanctions, manner that will result a violation by Person (including participating transaction, whether as Lender, an Arranger, Administrative Agent, LC Issuer otherwise) Sanctions.
This Agreement and the respective rights obligations hereunder may not be assigned by either party hereto without prior written consent of other party. Each Grantor covenants and agrees that it shall perform all in this Section 4.01(b) . This Note has been duly executed and delivered by the Maker. constitutes a legal, valid binding obligation of Maker, enforceable against Maker in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited applicable Debtor Relief Laws.
In addition to all other amounts payable Executive under this Agreement, the Company shall pay or reimburse for legal fees (including without limitation, any and court costs, arbitration attorneys' expenses), incurred by in connection with as a result of claim, action proceeding brought respect arising out Agreement provision hereof, unless, case an Executive, it is determined arbitrator competent jurisdiction that such was frivolous not good faith. Such be paid reimbursed from time within five business days following receipt copies bills if fails make payment day period, interest thereon at rate 10% per annum.
All agreements, representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the execution delivery of this Agreement, any investigation at time made, sale purchase Purchased Shares, disposition Shares by Investor. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among Company and Shareholder with respect to subject matter hereof supersedes all prior agreements understandings, both written oral, between hereof.
The paragraph and subparagraph headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience reference only. They not intended to define, limit, or expand the scope of provisions Agreement. No provision in this Agreement shall be supplemented, deleted or amended except a writing executed by an authorized representative of each Teva and Regeneron.
THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER RELATED TO AGREEMENT, THE RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES AND/OR INTERPRETATION ENFORCEMENT RIGHTS DUTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH INTERNAL LAWS DECISIONS STATE NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD CHOICE LAW RULES THEREOF. HERETO INTEND THAT PROVISIONS SECTION 5-1401 YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS APPLY AGREEMENT.
THIS FIRST AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF STATE NEW YORK. Sections 10.09 and 10.10 of the Credit Agreement are incorporated by reference herein mutatis mutandis . The provisions this First Amendment shall be binding upon inure to benefit Loan Parties, Administrative Agent, Collateral Lenders their respective successors permitted assigns.
In the event that your employment with Company or an Affiliate terminates due to death, Performance Shares will be and payable in (or cash at a value equal Closing Price on date of if so determined by Committee). Any payment made time specified Section 8. ImmunoGen and Biotest shall bear all the expenses of their respective JMC members related to participation on attendance at meetings.
If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by court competent jurisdiction, the other provisions will remain in full force and effect. Any only part degree effect to extent not unenforceable. The parties negotiate good faith replace that with such valid most closely replicates economic rights benefits provision.
Each party’s obligations under this Section 2.11 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Administrative Agent any assignment rights by, of, a Lender, termination Commitments and repayment, satisfaction discharge all Loan Document. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall deemed to an original, but which, taken together, constitute one and the same instrument.
This Guaranty Agreement, together with the Credit any Hedge Agreement and other Loan Documents, constitutes expresses entire understanding between parties hereto respect to subject matter hereof, supersedes all prior negotiations, agreements, understandings, inducements, commitments or conditions, express implied, oral written, except as herein contained. The terms hereof control supersede course of performance usage trade inconsistent hereof. Except provided in Section 21 , neither this nor portion provision thereof may be changed, altered, modified, supplemented, discharged, canceled, terminated, amended orally manner than Agreement.
During the Employment Period, Executive shall receive an annual base salary (“Annual Base Salary”) of Four Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($425,000). The Annual Salary be reviewed by Compensation Committee (the “Committee”) Company’s Board Directors “Board”) no less frequently than annually during Period and may increased (but not decreased) at discretion or Board. If Executive’s is increased, amount new for remainder subject to continued review adjustment. payable in installments legally required tax withholdings, consistent with payroll procedures effect from time time.
No provision of the Separation Agreement or any Ancillary shall be deemed to release individual, and Versum Group not have ability for violation Air Products non-competition guidelines agreement policy pertaining confidential proprietary information member Group, otherwise relieve individual his her obligations under such guidelines, policy, provided that service with constitute a guidelines.
Notwithstanding anything in this Article XIII or elsewhere Agreement to the contrary, any amendment and restatement of Unitholder Registry by Trustee reflect events changes otherwise authorized permitted shall not be deemed an may done at time from time, as determined without Consent Non-Trustee Unitholders notice requirement. This Agreement is personal in its nature and the parties shall not, without consent of other, assign or transfer this any rights obligations hereunder.
As of the date hereof, there are no other agreements entered into between Financial Institution and Pledgor with respect to any Designated Account or funds credited thereto (other than standard customary documentation establishment maintenance such Accounts). The will not enter agreement unless Controlling Party shall have received prior written notice thereof. “control” Accounts without consent Agents, each acting in its sole discretion. In event conflict over this Control Agreement (or portion hereof) now existing hereafter into, terms prevail. No amendment modification waiver right hereunder be binding on party hereto it is writing signed by all parties hereto.
The Participant shall pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory do so, regarding payment of federal, state, local foreign taxes any kind required by law be withheld with respect amount includable in Participant's gross income his her participation Plan. Headings contained in this First Amendment are for convenience only and not substantive to the provisions of Amendment.
If, in any jurisdiction, provision of this Agreement or its application to circumstance is restricted, prohibited unenforceable, that shall, as be ineffective only the extent restriction, prohibition unenforceability without invalidating remaining provisions Agreement, affecting validity enforceability other jurisdiction and, if applicable, circumstances. This Agreement may be amended or modified in whole part, and terms conditions waived, only by a duly authorized agreement writing which makes reference to this executed all of the Parties.
Any and all notices statements, demands or other communications hereunder may be given by a party to the mail, email, facsimile, messenger otherwise address specified below, so sent such at any place in notice of change hereafter received other. All notices, requests made orally, confirmed promptly writing, communication as preceding sentence.
This Agreement may not be changed or altered, except by a writing signed both Parties. Until such time as this has been executed and subscribed Parties hereto: (i) its terms conditions any discussions relating thereto, without exception whatsoever, shall binding nor enforceable for purpose upon party; (ii) no provision contained herein construed an inducement to act withhold action, relied such. constitutes integrated, written contract, expressing the entire agreement understanding between with respect subject matter hereof supersedes all prior agreements understandings, oral written, parties.
All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Administrative Agent any Grantor hereunder shall be addressed Company effected in manner provided for Section 15.3 of Credit Agreement each hereby appoints as its agent receive notices hereunder. This Agreement shall not be amended, altered, changed, modified, supplemented or rescinded in any manner except by a written contract executed all of the parties.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period three (3) years ending third anniversary or, if later, last day any extension made pursuant to next sentence, subject prior termination as set forth in Section 9 (such term, including extensions "Employment Term"). Employment Term be extended automatically one (1) additional year second an each thereafter unless until either party gives written notice other not extend such becoming effectuated.
Seller and Buyer agree that, from time to for a reasonable period after the Closing Date, each of them will execute deliver such further instruments conveyance transfer take other action as may be reasonably requested by party carry out purposes intent this Agreement transactions contemplated hereby. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms in the Loan Agreement and used herein shall have respective meanings given to them Agreement.
If any term or other provision of this letter agreement is determined to be invalid, illegal incapable being enforced by rule Law public policy, all conditions and provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force effect so long as the economic legal substance transactions contemplated hereby not affected manner materially adverse party. Upon such determination that enforced, parties hereto negotiate good faith modify original intent closely possible fullest extent permitted applicable law an acceptable end are fulfilled possible.
This Plan shall be regulated, construed and administered under the laws of State Texas, except when preempted by federal law. The Committee shall determine the restriction period, provided that (i) Restricted Stock Unit grants which are time-based vest ratably over a period of not less than three years (1/3 on each first, second and third grant date anniversaries), such year to be considered “Vesting Year” (ii) performance-based one year.
If the Indemnifying Party chooses to defend or prosecute any Third Claim, Indemnified shall cooperate in defense prosecution thereof and furnish such records, information testimony, provide witnesses attend conferences, discovery proceedings, hearings, trials appeals as may be reasonably requested connection therewith. Such cooperation include access during normal business hours afforded to, reasonable retention by Grifols Aradigm Party, applicable, of, records that are relevant making employees agents available on a mutually convenient basis additional explanation of material provided hereunder, reimburse for all its out-of-pocket expenses
No amendment, modification or waiver in respect of this Agreement (including the Exhibits and Seller Disclosure Schedule) shall be effective unless it writing signed by both parties hereto; provided that consent Financing Sources required to amend rights any Source under Section 15.01 , 15.02 15.05 15.13, 15.14 15.15 15.16 .
If (a) any Preferred Shares are placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement is collected enforced through legal proceeding a Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Certificate Designations with respect enforce provisions (b) there occurs bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership Company other proceedings affecting creditors’ rights and involving claim Designations, then shall pay costs incurred by such collection, connection proceeding, including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees disbursements.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and expire on expiration last-to-expire Royalty Term (“ ”). Upon this Agreement, (a) rights granted to Collegium in Territory under Section 3.02 survive become perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully-paid, nonexclusive (b) 3.03 survive, provided that BDSI retain right terminate such set forth therein or, a manner substantially similar 13.02(b), for Collegium’s material, uncured breach 3.03.
Each Party shall cooperate with the other in connection all activities relating to Prosecution and Maintenance of Angionetics Patents undertaken by such pursuant this Section 9.2, including: (i) making available a timely manner any documents or information reasonably requests facilitate Party’s 9.2; (ii) if as appropriate, signing (or causing have signed) prosecution maintenance Party. also promptly provide requested regard 9.2. Licensee hold disclosed it under Confidential Information.
It is the express intention and agreement of parties hereto that provisions Sections 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, 15, 17, 18 20 hereof this Section 13 shall survive termination employment Executive. In addition, all obligations Employer to make payments hereunder any Agreement on terms conditions set forth herein.
In the event any provision of this Agreement is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, all other provisions that are not affected by invalidity, illegality, unenforceability shall remain in full force and effect. The Investor hereby waives, effective as of the Effective Time, Section 18 Investor’s Subscription Agreement solely with respect to Company’s offering and consummation New Offering, offer issuance Placement Agent Warrants Subordination Warrants.
The Option will vest and become exercisable as follows: 33.33% of the total on one-year anniversary Vesting Commencement Date, approximately 16.67% at end each six-month period thereafter, such that be fully vested three-year Date; provided vesting cease upon your Termination Employment unvested portion terminate. This Agreement and any terms hereof may not be amended, supplemented or modified except pursuant to a writing signed by both the Purchaser Company.
This Plan shall be governed by the laws of State Arkansas, except to extent it is federal securities or choice provision contained in Company’s agreement with Account Administrator. This Agreement is governed by, construed in accordance with and enforced under the laws of State Delaware without giving effect to principles conflict laws.
Any term of this Agreement may be amended or terminated with respect to the Company and another party hereto only written consent such party, and, in case FF Investor, Beneficial Investor. All costs, charges and expenses reasonably incurred by the Committee will be paid Company. No compensation to a member of as such.
Unless required by Applicable Law, no recoupment under this Policy will be made after a Change in Control with respect to any option, bonus, or incentive compensation Grant Date before the Control. For purpose, term “Change Control” shall have meaning ascribed it 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan as effect on February 5, 2009.
Unless stated otherwise (a) the singular number includes plural and vice versa words of any gender include each other gender, in case, as appropriate, (b) headings captions may not be construed interpreting provisions, (c) this Amendment must -- its performance enforced ‑ under New York law, (d) if part is for reason found to unenforceable, all portions it nevertheless remain enforceable, (e) executed counterparts with same effect signatories had signed document, those together constitute (f) delivery an counterpart a signature page by telecopier, electronic mail or shall effective manually Amendment.
From time to following the Second Closing, Parties shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to, execute, acknowledge deliver all reasonable further conveyances, notices, assumptions, releases acquittances such instruments, take actions, as may be necessary or appropriate make effective transactions contemplated hereby reasonably requested by other Party; provided , however that except for Assignee’s obligations discharge an Assumed Liability, nothing in this Section 4.01 require either Party its pay money commence participate any Action with respect offer grant accommodation (financial otherwise) third party Closing.
The Company hereby employs Employee and agrees to be employed by the for period upon terms conditions hereinafter set forth. This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original and both together constitute one the same instrument. The Article headings contained herein are inserted only as a matter of convenience and for reference in no way define, limit, enlarge or describe the scope intent this Plan nor any shall they affect construction provision thereof.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 6.1 (including a result of the application 6.3) and 11.6(c), after making any special allocations under 6.2, Profits Losses for each Fiscal Year shall be allocated among Partners accordance with their respective Percentage Interests end such Year, subject to rights holders Partnership other than Units.
In addition to the acts and deeds recited in this Agreement contemplated be performed, executed and/or delivered by parties hereto, each party agrees perform, execute deliver, but without any obligation incur additional liability or expense, on after Closing further deliveries assurances as may reasonably necessary consummate transactions under Agreement. The provisions of Section 10.15 shall survive Closing.
This Amendment constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Borrower, is enforceable against Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws relating to enforcement creditors’ rights generally general equitable principles. HollyFrontier hereby waives promptness, diligence, all setoffs, presentments, protests and notice of acceptance any other relating to the Applicable Refinery Owner Payment Obligations requirement for HEP Operating protect, secure, perfect or insure security interest lien property subject thereto exhaust right take action against Owner, entity collateral.
Any notice required by the terms of this Agreement shall be given in writing and deemed effective upon personal delivery or deposit with United States Postal Service, registered certified mail postage fees prepaid addressed to party entitled such at address shown below party's signature on Agreement, other as may designate 10 days' advance written Agreement.
Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) all Tax Returns and reports required to be filed by the Contributor with respect Assigned Interest, if any, been timely (after giving effect any filing extension properly granted Governmental Authority having authority do so) such returns are accurate complete in material respects, Taxes paid Contributor, Interest paid, (b) no deficiencies for proposed, asserted or assessed against on requests waivers of time assess pending.
This Agreement be binding upon or injure to the benefit of successors and assigns Company Employee his personal representative(s). The headings and captions herein are provided for reference convenience only. They shall not be considered part of the Agreement employed in construction Agreement. As of the date hereof, Seller owns Shares, which shares represent 100% authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock Company. The Shares are duly validly issued, fully-paid, non-assessable free clear any Liens.
The Parties acknowledge that any costs, penalties, fines or losses associated with responses to notices of violation from the Environmental Protection Agency a state agency under such Permits (including Cheyenne RCRA Order El Dorado Order) may be subject indemnification Omnibus Agreement, and nothing in this Section 3.4.5 shall deemed change, amend expand Parties’ obligations Agreement provisions (other than regard obligation respond notice enforcement).
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Administrative Agent an Assignment Assumption, together with a processing recordation fee in amount of $3,500; provided , however that may, its sole discretion, elect waive such case any assignment; further not apply permitted pursuant Section 10.09 . assignee, if it is Lender, Questionnaire.
Seller has filed when due in accordance with all applicable laws (or properly and timely an extension therefor) tax returns required under statutes, rules or regulations to be by it. As of the time filing, such were accurate complete material respects. All taxes respect Assets, additional assessments received, have been paid. is not delinquent payment any none requested within which file return, return since filed. There are no federal, state, local other liens outstanding on Assets being sold hereunder.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of State Delaware without regard to its choice law principles. This Agreement and the Contribution constitute entire agreement of Parties relating to matters contained herein, superseding all prior contracts or agreements, whether oral written, herein. This Agreement shall be governed by, and interpreted construed in accordance with, the laws of State New York, USA, without regard to its conflict law provisions. The U.N. Convention on International Sales Goods not apply this Agreement.
Use the proceeds of Loans to fund, in whole or part, Acquisition, including payment Indebtedness Target and pay all a portion costs incurred by Company any its Subsidiaries connection with Transactions. This Eighth Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all when taken together a single contract. Delivery signature page to this facsimile transmission or other electronic (including .pdf) as effective delivery manually counterpart Amendment.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original (including electronic copies) but all together constitute and the same instrument. Telecopies PDFs signatures effective as manually originals. Except as otherwise defined herein or the context may require, capitalized terms used but not are in Appendix A hereto which also contains rules to usage that applicable herein.
All references to the Collateral shall include without limitation as described in Documents, amended by this Agreement. Obligations of Credit Parties under be secured and entitled benefits of, remain all respects subject liens, charges encumbrances Security nothing herein contained, done pursuant hereto or connection herewith affect construed conveyances effected thereby priority thereof release liability any party parties whomsoever may now, hereafter be, liable on account Obligations. Each Party does hereby grant, transfer, assign grant a security interest Agent order secure
In the event any one or more of provisions contained in this Agreement other Loan Document should be held invalid, illegal unenforceable respect, validity, legality and enforceability remaining herein therein shall not way affected impaired thereby. The parties endeavor good-faith negotiations to replace with valid economic effect which comes as close possible that provisions.
THIS JOINDER AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND GOVERNED BY, THE LAWS OF STATE NEW YORK. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Delaware applicable to contracts made performed entirely within such state. Each party shall, without further consideration, execute such additional documents as may be reasonably required in order to carry out the purposes and intents of this Agreement.
Importer shall obtain and maintain at all times during the Term commercial general liability property insurance in amounts typical for importers exporters of pharmaceutical products as set forth under this Agreement, including covering loss or theft of, damage to, Product. The Purchaser is an exempted limited partnership, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Cayman Islands has all requisite partnership power authority to own, operate lease its properties carry on business as it being conducted date this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each such counterpart shall deemed to an original instrument, and all counterparts together constitute but one agreement. Any contain or more signature pages. delivered by facsimile, email portable document format (.pdf), upon delivery the page method will have same effect as if had been other party.
No failure or delay on the part of Rogers in exercise any power right, and no course dealing between LEI shall operate as a waiver nor single partial right preclude further other that right. The remedies provided for this Agreement are cumulative not exclusive may be available to at law equity. Any provision Agreement, consent departure by from terms effective only specific instance purpose which was given.
The specific terms defined in this Article include the plural as well singular. words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder” other of similar import refer to Agreement a whole not any particular Article, Section or subdivision, Section, Schedule Exhibit references, unless otherwise specified, Articles Sections Schedules Exhibits Agreement. Capitalized used herein without definition shall have respective meanings assigned such Sale Servicing dated October 4, 2016, by among AFS SenSub Corp., Seller, AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc., its individual capacity Servicer, Automobile Receivables Trust 2016-4, Issuer, Bank New York Mellon, Collateral Agent.
Executive shall be eligible to participate in the same benefit plans or fringe policies which other similarly situated Company employees are participate, subject applicable eligibility requirements and terms conditions of such as effect from time time. The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until expiration enforceability period last to expire patents within Licensed Enzo Patent Rights, unless earlier terminated as set forth in Section 4.2 below.
To the maximum extent practicable, AAA, arbitrators and Parties shall take all action required to conclude any arbitration proceeding within 180 days of filing Dispute with AAA. No arbitrator or other Party an may disclose existence, content results thereof, except for disclosures information by a in ordinary course its business, applicable law regulation, necessary exercise judicial review rights set forth herein. If more than one agreement between potentially applies Dispute, provision most directly related subject matter control. This survive termination this Agreement.
T h i s A g re e m nt a y be x c u t d in n nu b r o f er p ts, l di fac unt ac w sh ll ee inst , but of th nst ute ut ne nd um nt. Borrower and each Loan Party is in compliance all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, no “reportable event,” as such term defined Section 4043 has occurred respect to any Plan or Party.
This Agreement, together with the Existing Confidentiality Provisions, constitutes entire agreement between Parties regarding subject matter herein and supersedes all prior contemporaneous agreements Parties, whether written or oral, respect to such matter. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by Grantee or Company forthwith to Committee for review. The resolution such a final and binding on all parties.
EMPLOYEE AGREES TO WAIVE THE RIGHT A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BASED UPON, RELATED TO, THIS AGREEMENT. WAIVER IS KNOWINGLY, INTENTIONALLY, AND VOLUNTARILY MADE EMPLOYEE, ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, EXCEPT FOR COMPANY’S AGREEMENT LIKEWISE ITS RIGHTS (WHICH COMPANY HEREBY MAKES), HAS NOT REPRESENTATIONS OF FACTS INDUCE WAY MODIFY NULLIFY EFFECT. FURTHER THAT BEEN REPRESENTED (OR HAD OPPORTUNITY BE REPRESENTED) SIGNING MAKING INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL, SELECTED EMPLOYEE’S OWN FREE WILL, DISCUSS WITH COUNSEL. READ UNDERSTANDS MEANING RAMIFICATIONS AS EVIDENCE FACT SIGNS BELOW.
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “Closing”) shall occur on Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to parties (including via exchange electronic signatures). Concurrently with Closing, Company permitted sell promissory notes identical Note certain other investors up an aggregate principal amount (not including original issuance discount) $587,500, inclusive thjs Note.
Provided there is no Event of Default, interest shall accrue at a rate 0% (zero percent) and be paid on the Maturity Date (or sooner as provided herein) to Holder or its assignee in whose name this Note registered records Company regarding registration transfers Notes cash converted into Common Stock Conversion Price.
Borrower has received consideration that is the reasonable equivalent value of obligations and liabilities incurred to Agent Lenders. not insolvent as defined in any applicable state, federal or relevant foreign statute, nor will be rendered by execution delivery Loan Documents engaged about engage business transaction for which assets retained it are an unreasonably small amount capital, taking into Lenders hereunder. does intend to, believe will, incur debts beyond its ability pay such they mature.
No waiver of any provision this Agreement will be effective unless it is explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the Party so waiving. failure or delay a exercising right, remedy, power privilege arising from operate construed as thereof. single partial one more instances deemed to constitute further continuing other not expressly identified that written waiver, whether similar different character, occurring before after waiver.
Borrower, its Subsidiaries and Obligated Parties own, or possess the right to use, all of trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, franchises, licenses, slogans, other advertising products processes, intellectual property rights that are reasonably necessary for operation their respective businesses, without conflict with any Person. To best knowledge no slogan product, process material now used by Subsidiary Party infringes upon held
On the terms and subject to conditions set forth herein, Company agrees employ Executive as Vice President throughout Employment Term (as defined below). At request of Board without additional compensation, shall also serve an officer and/or director any or all subsidiaries Company. THIS THIRD AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF STATE TEXAS.
The Closing shall occur at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date hereof after notification of satisfaction (or waiver) conditions to set forth in Sections 6(a) and 7(a) below such later as is mutually agreed by Company Investor ) (the " Date "), offices Greenberg Traurig, LLP, MetLife Building, 200 Park Avenue, York, NY 10166.
Upon a recipient’s death, all unvested SARs immediately vest. A estate will have three years from the date of death (or until expiration SAR, if earlier) to exercise outstanding SARs, provided however, that SAR expires prior year extension period, be deemed exercised by as with net proceeds held for distribution estate.
This Agreement and the Confidentiality Invention Assignment contain entire agreement understanding of parties with respect to subject matter hereof, supersede all prior or contemporaneous promises, understandings, agreements, whether written oral (including, without limitation, offer letter between Company Executive, dated September 28, 2016) relating hereof. may not be changed orally, but only by an in writing, signed both parties.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Administrative Agent an Assignment Assumption, together with a processing recordation fee of $3,500 for assignment; provided that (A) only one such will be payable in connection simultaneous assignments two or more Approved Funds by Lender (B) may, its sole discretion, elect waive recording case any assignment. assignee, if it is not Lender, Questionnaire.
Each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries has filed all United States Federal income Tax returns other material which are required to be by it paid Taxes due pursuant such or any assessment received it, except extent same may contested as permitted Section 9.02 hereof. The charges, accruals reserves on books Persons in respect governmental charges are, opinion Parent, adequate.
The parties agree that this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed enforced in accordance with, the laws of State New York as applicable to contracts made wholly performed therein. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which shall considered one and the same instrument become effective when counterparts have been signed by each parties delivered to other party. facsimile signature electronic such constitute an original for purposes.
The Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of courts state New York sitting in County United States District Court Southern York, any action or proceeding arising out relating this Agreement other Loan Document, recognition enforcement judgment, each parties hereto agrees that all claims respect such may be heard determined State or, fullest extent permitted under applicable law, Federal courts.
(a) The Borrower shall make each payment (including principal of or interest on any Borrowing) hereunder and under other Loan Document without setoff, counterclaim deduction kind not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, the date when due in dollars to Lender at its offices Bank Nova Scotia, 650 West Georgia Street, Suite 1800, Vancouver, British Columbia V6B 4N7, immediately available funds.
Executive will serve as the Sr. Vice President of Corporate and Business Development Company. render such business professional services in performance his duties, consistent with Executive’s position within Company, shall reasonably be assigned to him by Company’s Chief Officer (“ CEO ”) and/or Board Directors (the “ ”). The period employment under this Agreement is referred herein Employment Term ” commence on November 20, 2013.
The Proprietary Inventions and Assignment Agreement referred to in Section 12(d) the Company's Executive's responsibilities under Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13, 14, 15 16 will survive termination of this Agreement. On the date hereof: (a) all Intellectual Property owned by any Loan Party and material to its business is valid, subsisting, unexpired enforceable has not been abandoned; (b) none of subject licensing or franchise agreement pursuant which such licensor franchisor.
(a) Keep all property useful and necessary in its business good working order condition, ordinary wear tear excepted (b) maintain with financially sound reputable insurance companies to the extent against such risks as is commonly maintained by engaged same or similar business. This Joinder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of State Delaware, without regard to any conflicts law provisions which would require application other jurisdiction.
(a) Each borrowing by the Borrower from Lenders hereunder and each payment on account of any commitment fee shall be made pro rata according to respective Revolving Percentages Lenders. Any reduction Commitments relevant except extent that this Agreement provides for reductions disproportionately allocated a group with respect particular Class pursuant Section 2.6 , in which case such
This Agreement may be terminated by Ashland Global at any time, in its sole discretion, prior to the Separation. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN LEGAL ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM BROUGHT PARTY ITS SUCCESSORS AGAINST OTHER RESPECT MATTER ARISING OUT RELATING THIS AGREEMENT.
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, (a) Initial Closing shall take place at offices of Andrews Kurth LLP, 600 Travis, Suite 4200, Houston, Texas 77002 or such other location as mutually agreed by Parties, on first Business Day which satisfaction waiver set forth in Sections 6.01(a), 6.01(b) 6.01(d) has occurred (other than those that are their be satisfied Closing) (the date being referred herein “ Date ”); (b) Second 6.01(c) provided not earlier applicable Funding Notice unless Parties.
If any provision of this Lease shall be determined to invalid or unenforceable by a court competent jurisdiction, such determination in no way affect, impair invalidate other Lease, and all provisions hereof remain full force effect. Buyer shall have received a warehouse lender’s release or other document acceptable to in its sole discretion evidencing the and conveyance of loan Seller.
The Debtors shall pay, when due and payable, all outstanding prepetition postpetition fees expenses incurred by the Plan Sponsor its advisors, including of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, as counsel to Sponsor, Zack A. Clement PLLC, local any financial advisor, technical or other consultant, analyst, professional engaged in connection with Chapter 11 Cases. If this Agreement is terminated accordance terms, unpaid be paid full within five (5) Business Days such termination. owed under section entitled administrative expense priority status.
Except as otherwise provided in Sections 4 and 5 of this Award Agreement, [Percentage] the Restricted Shares will vest on each [ ], ] (each date, a “ Vesting Date ”), that, event applicable date occurs during Firmwide Blackout Period (as defined Company’s Code Ethics), shall be first trading day following such period. There no proportionate or partial vesting period prior to occur only Date, that Grantee remains continuously Employment Company through Date. If percentage aggregate number scheduled is not whole number, then amount rounded down nearest for except final 100% cumulatively vested
All issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each the Borrower Subsidiary Loan Parties their respective Subsidiaries are, to extent applicable, duly authorized validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable, free clear all Liens other than expressly permitted by Section 6.02. Each of the representations and warranties set forth in this Article III shall be deemed represented made by Umatrin Shareholders at Closing as if such time survive for a period terminating on second anniversary date Agreement.
No provision of this Agreement may be amended, modified, or waived except by written agreement signed the parties hereto. This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile transmission) in one or more counterparts, the different parties hereto separate each of which when shall deemed to an original, but all taken together constitute same agreement.
Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered as follows, with deemed given indicated: (a) personal delivery, when personally; (b) overnight courier, upon written verification of receipt; (c) telecopy facsimile transmission, acknowledgment receipt electronic transmission; (d) certified registered mail, return requested, receipt. Notice sent to the addresses set forth above such other address either party may specify writing.
This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and is binding on parties hereto their respective successors permitted assigns. may not be assigned without express prior written consent other hereto, any attempted assignment, such consents, null void; provided , however that each Oaktree Entity shall entitled assign, in whole or part, its rights hereunder Permitted Assigns consent.
Unless otherwise specified, references in this Agreement to any Section or clause refer such as contained Agreement. The words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder” other of similar import a whole, not particular Wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term stated either singular plural shall include plural. “including”, “includes” “include” be deemed followed by “without limitation”.
All notices shall be given to Buyer and Seller at the address set forth on first page of this Agreement, or facsimile number email as parties may exchange from time time, deemed have been delivered received (i) if mailed, three (3) calendar days after deposited in U.S. mail, class, postage pre-paid, (ii) one (1) day deposit with an overnight mail messenger service, (iii) same date confirmed transmission sent by hand delivery, email.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of State Delaware, without regard to conflicts law principles thereof. The representations and warranties of the Seller contained in Section 3.02 will be true correct on 2016-A Closing Date, have performed or prior to Date all obligations by under this Agreement Date.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or reported on a Form 3, 4 5 filed with Commission, either case at least ten days prior to date hereof, and except disclosed Schedule 3.1(q) , none of executive officers, directors employees Company is presently party any transaction (other than for ordinary course services employees, officers directors), including contract, agreement other arrangement providing furnishing by, rental real personal property from, otherwise requiring payments from such officer, director employee or, Company’s Knowledge, corporation, partnership, trust entity which director, has substantial interest an trustee partner.
Seller has filed all federal, state and local tax returns reports required by such authorities to be filed, paid taxes, assessments, governmental charges, penalties, interest fines due any or authority. There is no pending examination audit of, nor action, suit, investigation claim asserted or, the knowledge of Seller, threatened against All have been (and with respect final will be) complete accurate in accordance laws applicable thereto disclose taxes for periods covered thereby. not committed violation laws. Proper amounts collected withheld income, franchise, property, sales, employment other payable anticipated payment (including without limitation employment, sales use taxes).
All representations and warranties made by the Company Investors in this Agreement or pursuant hereto shall survive Closing. The covenants agreements set forth Closing continue effect as long either: (i) any obligations under Notes remain due outstanding (ii) Accretive is beneficial owner (as defined regulations of SEC) at least five percent (5%) common stock Company.
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue through November 30, 2013 be renewed for additional one-year periods unless a Party gives at least 90 days’ prior written notice its intent not to renew, provided, however, that each such renewal subject agreement about pricing other terms conditions mutually agreed upon among Parties (the “ Stated Termination ”), earlier terminated by as provided in Actual ”).
If the Participant’s Service terminates because of death Participant, Option, to extent unexercised and exercisable for Vested Shares on date which terminated, may be exercised by legal representative or other person who acquired right exercise Option reason at any time prior expiration twelve (12) months after but in event no later than Expiration Date. Notwithstanding foregoing, (i) if Participant dies during three-month period provided Section 7.1(e) twelve-month 7.1(b), death, Date; (ii) ’ s achieves Retirement Eligibility, Date .
From and after the Effective Date, Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of [the][each] Assigned Interest (including principal, interest, fees other amounts) to [the][the relevant] Assignor for amounts which have accrued but excluding Date Assignee from Date. Notwithstanding foregoing, or paid payable kind Assignee. No subject LC shall permit any draft to be drawn thereunder on a date (the “ last draw ”) that is more than one (1) year after the of its issue, nor later third (3rd) banking day next preceding Expiration Date.
All notices served on a party under this Agreement shall also be the counsel for listed below, or, if that cannot located, such other as is known to have represented during Lawsuit. In the event of any change in outstanding Shares after Grant Date or other described Section 1.6.3 Plan occurring Date, Board Committee will make such equitable substitution adjustment (including cash payments) as provided for under order to preserve value RSUs.
The Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, have timely filed, or caused to be all federal, state, provincial, local foreign Tax returns required paid Taxes owing by it (including in their capacity withholding agent), whether not shown on any such returns, except the validity amount of which are being contested good faith appropriate proceedings for Subsidiary, applicable, has set aside books adequate reserves with respect thereto accordance U.S. GAAP. To knowledge Company, there is no pending investigation, audit deficiencies Subsidiaries taxing authority proposed assessments against Subsidiaries.
This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all when taken together a single contract. Delivery counterpart this facsimile or other electronic imaging means effective as original. To the extent permissible under terms of professional liability insurance policy maintained by Company at Closing, Sellers shall extend coverage such to LLCs for acts malpractice occurring prior Closing. Buyer represents and warrants that as it has adequate operate Business in a manner consistent with past practices.
Tenant shall keep the all materials provided by Landlord in connection with any Sale confidential, except to extent necessary comply Applicable Laws; provided, however, that be allowed disclose such information Tenant’s agents, employees, contractors, consultants or attorneys, as well lenders (if any), investment bankers, venture capital groups, investors and title company personnel, a need know review consideration of Building, inform persons receiving from confidentiality requirement (to within control) cause confidence maintained. Any disclosure third parties indicate is confidential should so treated party. Disclosure not prohibited if becomes matter public record knowledge sources other than its attorneys.
Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there are no loans, leases, agreements, contracts, royalty management service arrangements or other continuing transactions exceeding $120,000 between (a) Company any Subsidiary, on one hand, and (b) person entity who would be covered by Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, hand. disclosed outstanding amounts payable to receivable from, advances its Subsidiaries to, neither nor is otherwise a creditor debtor beneficial owner more than 5% shares Common Stock, director, employee affiliate Subsidiaries, (i) reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred behalf (ii) part normal customary terms such persons’ employment director with Subsidiaries.
If any provision of this Agreement is determined by a court or other government entity to be unenforceable, the Parties shall cooperate in good faith rewrite such so that it enforceable maximum extent permitted applicable law, and abide provisions as rewritten. cannot rewritten, severed from Agreement, but every remain full force effect.
The parties acknowledge that, pursuant to the Lease, Tenant is obligated reimburse Seller as landlord for all Taxes and installments of special assessments Property. shall not provide a credit Buyer at Closing any proration or that are due payable in Year, unless has collected money under Lease paid corresponding amount relevant taxing authority. Year which responsibilities yet reimbursed accordance with Lease. pay years prior if remain outstanding, upon request furnish evidence such payment Title Company. be solely responsible remaining future assessments. Real property tax refunds credits received after belong Buyer.
Holdings will, and will cause each Loan Party to, do or to be done all things necessary preserve, renew keep in full force effect its legal existence; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 . Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks trade names except extent failure so of could reasonably expect result a Material Adverse Effect.
In this Seventh Amendment (including the Schedules and Annexes hereto), unless context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used herein shall have meanings provided under Participation Agreement. All headings herein are intended solely for convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation provisions this Fourth Amendment. The Agreement, including any Exhibits or Attachments to the First Amendment and this constitute entire agreement between Parties with respect subject matter hereof supersede all previous agreements, oral written, concerning hereof. No modification amendment of terms Agreement shall be effective except by a writing executed both Parties.
A nomination of Gas by Shipper shall be deemed a warranty title to such (including any Drip Condensate attributable Gas) Shipper, or the good right in deliver for gathering under this Agreement. Priority One Dedicated Liquid injected at applicable Receipt Point(s) By nominating and/or injecting Point(s), also agrees indemnify, defend and hold Gatherer harmless from all Losses resulting claims Third Party rights Condensate, other than arising out Gatherer’s breach its made succeeding sentence Section 8.1 . receiving Points (a) warrants that has accept re-deliver received Agreement free clear disputes, liens encumbrances by, through Gatherer, (b) Gatherer.
All agreements, representations and warranties made herein in every other Financing Document shall survive the execution delivery of this Agreement Documents, but not any termination unless such and/or expressly pursuant to their terms. The provisions Articles 10 11 payment Obligations (both with respect Lender all Lenders collectively) judgment Obligations, including final foreclosure Security Document, no unpaid or unperformed, current future, will merge into judgment.
On the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, immediately following making of New Term B Loans and after giving effect to application proceeds such on Holdings, a consolidated basis, with its Subsidiaries shall be Solvent. Until this Agreement is publicly filed by the Company, Employee agrees not to directly or indirectly disclose terms, amount fact of anyone other than his immediate family, counsel, accountant tax advisor, except as such disclosure may be required for accounting reporting purposes otherwise law.
The Parties shall cause all taxes with respect to the portion of Outer Track Loop that is located on their real estate, and costs or expenses incurred in connection any work they are required perform inspect maintain be paid when due not suffer permit such cost expense become delinquent default.
No Default or Event of shall have occurred and be continuing as the First Amendment Effective Date after giving effect to this Amendment. DLSS agrees that all data, information and reports received from VitalCare related to Client any other relating the billing collection activities data reporting services be performed by for is hereby deemed Client’s Confidential Information shall treated as such in accordance with terms conditions set forth Agreement.
If one or more of the provisions this Award Agreement shall be held invalid, illegal unenforceable in any respect, validity, legality and enforceability remaining not way affected impaired thereby deemed null void; however, to extent permissible by law, that could void first construed, interpreted revised retroactively permit construed so as foster intent Plan.
This AMENDMENT and the other Loan Documents any claim, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract tort otherwise) based upon, arising out relating to this Document (except, as Document, expressly set forth therein) transactions contemplated hereby thereby shall be construed accordance with governed by law State New York.
Employer, either directly or indirectly through its Parent Company, has Directors & Officers insurance (“D&O”) policy in place (with an carrier rated highly pursuant to company credit rating criteria and by one more of the four major agencies) Executive shall be is covered under D&O Policy as employee officer Employer during Term Executive’s employment with Employer.
This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each which shall an original, with the same effect as if signatures thereto and hereto were upon instrument. become effective when Party have received a counterpart hereof by all other Parties. Until unless party has hereto, this no right or obligation hereunder (whether virtue oral written agreement communication). The exchange fully executed (in counterparts otherwise) electronic transmission .PDF format facsimile sufficient to bind parties terms conditions Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile transmission or e-mail delivery of a “.pdf” format data file) in one more counterparts, the different parties hereto separate each which when shall deemed to an original but all taken together constitute same agreement. Copies counterparts transmitted telecopy, file other electronic service considered for purposes this Section 3.15 .
This Amendment shall constitute Purchaser’s Approval Notice under Section 6(a) of the Original Agreement and Purchaser hereby waives its right to terminate Agreement. Executive agrees that he will not talk about or otherwise communicate to any third parties in a malicious, disparaging, defamatory manner regarding the Company, OP of their affiliates, owners past present employees, directors, officers other representatives and make authorize be made written oral statement may disparage damage reputation representatives.
It is hereby mutually acknowledged and agreed that the provisions of this Lease have been fully negotiated between parties comparable bargaining power with assistance counsel shall be applied according to normal meaning tenor thereof without regard general rule contractual are construed narrowly against party drafted same or any similar construction.
THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS OBLIGATIONS OF PARTIES HEREUNDER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CLAIMS SOUNDING IN CONTRACT LAW OR TORT ARISING OUT SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF DETERMINATIONS WITH RESPECT TO POST-JUDGMENT INTEREST) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED ENFORCED ACCORDANCE WITH, LAWS STATE NEW YORK REGARD CONFLICT PRINCIPLES THEREOF THAT WOULD RESULT APPLICATION OTHER JURISDICTION. (i) FOR PURPOSES UCC, JURISDICTION DEPOSITARY BANK SECTIONS 8-110 AND, IF APPLICABLE, 9-304 9-305 UCC (ii) ACCOUNTS BY YORK.
As compensation for his services hereunder and in consideration of the Executive’s other agreements hereunder, during Employment Period, Company shall pay Executive an annual base salary (the “Base Salary”), payable equal installments accordance with applicable payroll practices, at initial rate $700,000 first year this Agreement, subject to review by Board increases but not decreases; provided , however such Base Salary may be reduced connection a broad-based reduction senior executives Company.
With effect from March 1, 2016, Base Salary will be paid at an annualized rate of $340,000, which subject to annual review and adjustment by the Committee or Board but not reduced below $340,000. Such amounts payable Executive in accordance with normal payroll practices Company. All necessary consents, approvals and authorizations of all Governmental Authorities other Persons required to be obtained by such Party in connection with its execution delivery this Agreement have been obtained.
The benefits of this Agreement shall insure to the respective successors and assignees parties hereto indemnified hereunder their assigns representative, obligations liabilities assumed in by be binding upon assigns, provided that rights Company under may not assigned or delegated without prior written consent Consultant any such purported assignments null void. Notwithstanding foregoing, assign portion its Compensation as outlined herein employees, affiliates, sub-contractors subsidiaries sole discretion.
MBC will upon demand pay to the Secured Party amount of any and all reasonable expenses, including fees expenses its counsel experts Party, transfer taxes, in each case payable sale Collateral, which may incur connection with (a) custody or preservation of, collection from other realization upon, Collateral pursuant exercise enforcement rights hereunder (b) failure by perform observe provisions hereof. Any this Section 11.1 shall be constitute Obligations secured hereby.
No authorization, consent, license or exemption from, filing registration with, any Governmental Authority, nor approval consent of other Person, is will be necessary to the valid execution, delivery performance by Borrower this Note, except those obtained made on prior date hereof and such filings as may required with Securities Exchange Commission state foreign blue sky securities regulatory authority after issuance Note Borrower.
The representations and warranties of the Borrower each other Loan Party contained in Article VI Amended Credit Agreement or any Document, which are document furnished at time under connection herewith therewith, shall be true correct all material respects (or respects, if such representation warranty is qualified by materiality) on as Fifth Amendment Effective Date, except to extent that specifically refer an earlier date, case they date; provided reference date Audited Financial Statements Section 6.05(e) deemed replaced a December 31, 2015.
Neither Party may waive or release any of its rights interests in this Agreement except writing. The failure either to assert a right hereunder insist upon compliance with term condition shall not constitute waiver that excuse similar subsequent perform such condition. No by one more instances be construed as continuing another term.
The Company expressly reaffirms that each of the representations and warranties set forth in Purchase Agreement (as supplemented or qualified by disclosures any disclosure schedule thereto), continues to be true, accurate complete all material respects as date hereof, hereby remakes incorporates herein reference such representation warranty though made on this (unless a specific therein), except Disclosure Schedules attached hereto.
During the Term hereof and thereafter, Executive shall cooperate with Company in any disputes third parties, internal investigations or administrative, regulatory judicial proceedings as reasonably requested by at Company’s sole cost expense (including, without limitation, being available to upon reasonable notice for interviews factual investigations, times on schedules that are consistent Executive’s other permitted activities commitments).
This Restricted Stock Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of State Delaware, without regard to principles conflicts law thereof. Notwithstanding anything contained this Agreement, Grant Notice or Plan contrary, if any suit claim is instituted by Participant Company relating Plan, hereby submits exclusive jurisdiction venue courts Delaware.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN RESPECT OF LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER CONNECTION WITH THIS GUARANTY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO DOCUMENTS, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 19.
Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation time of not less than 25 business days for each calendar year the Employment Period (prorated 2016 and any other partial year, based on a fraction, numerator which number employed in such denominator 365 (or 366 leap year)). also all holidays reasonable personal sick leave accordance with policies Corporation applicable its executive management. Unused and/or may carried over by from one next. Notwithstanding foregoing, vacation, accrue as monetary liability Corporation.
Any term of this Agreement may be amended and the observance any waived (either generally or in a particular instance either retroactively prospectively), only with written consent Debtor Secured Parties holding 75% aggregate principal amount Notes. amendment waiver effected accordance Section 6 (i) shall binding upon each Party ; provided, however, that no will effective to increase Party’s financial obligation without such ’s consent.
Each Loan Party and each Lender hereby authorizes the Agents Lenders to make appropriate announcements of financial arrangement entered into among Parties, Lenders, including which are commonly known as tombstones, in such publications selected parties Agent shall its sole absolute discretion deem appropriate. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall constitute an original but all which, taken together, one and the same instrument. by facsimile, .pdf format or other form electronic communication such execution deemed to signature for purposes.
EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, SUCH IRREVOCABLY UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES RIGHT IT HAVE A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF LEGAL ACTION ARISING OUT OR RELATING THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED AGREEMENT. CERTIFIES (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE OTHER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, WOULD NOT SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER EVENT ACTION, (B) CONSIDERED IMPLICATIONS WAIVER, (C) MAKES VOLUNTARILY, (D) BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 15.
Each of the Second Lien Agent, on behalf itself and each applicable Priority Secured Party, First Lender, agrees that them shall take such further action execute deliver to other Agent Lenders additional documents instruments (in recordable form, if requested) as or may reasonably request, at expense Grantors, effectuate terms lien priorities contemplated by this Agreement.
Upon the exercise of an Option requiring tax withholding, Participant will be required to pay Company for remittance appropriate taxing authorities amount necessary satisfy employee’s portion federal, state and local taxes, if any, incurred by reason Option. A termination of this Agreement, an amendment Agreement or extension waiver shall, in order to be effective, require the case PETRO ETHG, action by its respective Board Directors.
This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect for a term commencing on the Closing Date until all amounts owing Lenders hereunder under any related documents have been paid full. The representations and warranties contained in this Section 3 shall be true correct on as of the date hereof until Obligations have been paid full, with such changes are approved by Secured Party or permitted Loan Documents (as defined Agreement).
The Plan initially became effective on January 1, 2006, and this restatement of the is as 2011, but no Bonus shall be paid under restated to a Covered Employee unless approved by Company stockholders at 2011 annual meeting. Assuming that such stockholder approval obtained, continue in effect until Board terminates it or again required for meet requirements Code Section 162(m) not obtained.
No delay or omission by Holder in exercising any rights hereunder, nor failure the to insist upon strict performance Applicant of terms and provisions herein shall operate as be deemed a waiver such right, other right herein, retain thereafter all this Note document securing repayment Note. effective unless writing signed Holder, on one occasion considered bar to, of, future occasion.
The headings used in this Agreement are included for convenience only and not to be construing or interpreting Agreement. No Employee shall have the right to be selected as a Key or receive an Award under Plan, or, having been so selected, future Award. The Award is expressly contingent upon you complying with the terms, conditions and definitions contained in this Section 11 any other agreement that governs your noncompetition Company its Affiliates, nonsolicitation of employees customers, suppliers, business partners vendors, and/or conduct respect to trade secrets proprietary confidential information Affiliates.
The execution and delivery of this Guaranty by Guarantor, the performance transactions contemplated hereunder do not will (i) conflict with or violate any governmental statutes, laws, rules, orders, regulations, ordinances, judgments, decrees injunctions Governmental Authorities (collectively, “ Legal Requirements ”) affecting Guarantor his its assets property, (ii) with, result in a breach of, constitute material default (including circumstance event that would be but for lack due notice lapse time both) under terms, conditions provisions Guarantor’s organizational documents agreement instrument to which is party, property are bound (iii) creation imposition lien on third party.
The parties agree that certain matters in which the Executive will be involved during Employment Term may necessitate Executive’s cooperation future. Accordingly, following termination of employment for any reason, to extent reasonably requested by Board, shall cooperate with Company connection arising out service Company; provided that, make reasonable efforts minimize disruption other activities. reimburse expenses incurred such and, is required spend substantial time on matters, compensate at an hourly rate $75.00 (seventy-five dollars).
This Agreement contains the entire understanding of parties with respect to its subject matter. It may not be changed orally but only by an agreement in writing signed party against whom enforcement any waiver, change, modification, extension, or discharge is sought. Paragraph headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and do not constitute part of Agreement.
The Officer acknowledges that by his free and voluntary act of signing below, the agrees to all terms this Agreement intends be legally bound thereby. he has been advised consult with an attorney prior executing Agreement. All notices required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and deemed effective upon personal delivery deposit the United States Mail, by registered certified mail, postage prepaid, to an overnight service, addressed other party at address shown above, such addresses as either designate accordance with Section 9.
Any controversy, dispute, or claim between the parties to this Agreement, including any arising out of, in connection with, relation formation, interpretation, performance breach of Agreement shall be referred mediation, with a mediator, jointly selected by parties, and cost such mediation evenly split parties. Should mediator thereafter declare that has failed despite good faith efforts all remaining controversies, disputes claims settled exclusively arbitration, before single arbitrator, State Delaware, accordance Commercial Rules Judicial Arbitration Mediation Services.
It is the desire and intent of parties hereto that provisions this letter agreement be enforced to fullest extent permissible under laws public policies applied in each jurisdiction which enforcement sought. Accordingly, if any particular provision will adjudicated by a court competent invalid, prohibited or unenforceable for reason, such provision, as jurisdiction, ineffective, without invalidating remaining affecting validity enforceability other jurisdiction. Notwithstanding foregoing, could more narrowly drawn so not it will, drawn,
This Security Agreement together with the Credit and other Loan Documents embodies entire agreement understanding between Grantors Collateral Agent relating to supersedes all prior agreements understandings Collateral. is subject terms, conditions, representations, warranties covenants (“ Terms Conditions ”) set forth in and, event of a conflict any this Agreement, shall prevail control over herein.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which will considered and the same agreement become effective when counterparts have been signed by each parties delivered to other parties, regardless whether counterpart. Counterparts via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf) transmission method any counterpart so shall deemed duly validly valid for purposes.
This Agreement shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of Corporation legal representatives, heirs legatees Optionee. Viacom will pay (as incurred) or, if paid by Abrams, promptly reimburse him for costs and expenses (including attorney's fees, expert witness fees of public relations other consultants) actually reasonably incurred Abrams in connection with the Actions ("Payment Amounts").
Any consent, notice or report required permitted to be given made under this Agreement by one of the parties hereto other party shall in writing, delivered any lawful means such at its address indicated below, as addressee have last furnished writing addressor and (except otherwise provided Agreement) effective upon receipt addressee.
Employer may terminate this Agreement and Executive’s employment hereunder for Cause (as defined in Section 9.3 below) accordance with the terms conditions of 9 . Following a determination by that Executive should be terminated Cause, shall give written notice (the “Preliminary Notice”) to specifying grounds such termination, have fifteen (15) business days after receipt Preliminary Notice attempt cure any acts or omissions giving rise if under 9.3(i), and/or respond writing. If following expiration day period reaffirms its termination effective upon delivery final termination.
Should any section, or portion thereof, of this Agreement be held invalid unenforceable in jurisdiction by court competent authority a legally enforceable directive governmental body, such section thereof shall validly reformed so as to approximate the intent Parties nearly possible and, if unreformable, deemed divisible and deleted with respect jurisdiction, but not otherwise affected.
Lender hereby waives any Event of Default arising as a result the Existing Default, and agrees, subject to effectiveness this Waiver terms conditions hereof, that each such shall be deemed waived date occurrence Default. compliance by Borrower with Section 7.16(a) Loan Agreement for (i) month ended July 31, 2016 three (3) months then (ii) August ended. In addition, 7.16(b) Agreement.
Executive will receive an annual base salary of $200,000 per year, effective as the June 1, 2016, less applicable payroll withholdings and payable in accordance with CDTI’s normal practices. This shall be subject to review by CDTI its general policies effect from time time. Notices hereunder shall be mailed or delivered as specified in the Program.
This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts (delivery of any counterpart by facsimile transmission or electronic mail having the same effect as manual delivery thereof), each which shall constitute an original, but all which, when taken together, one Agreement. The parties agree they will make no statements, whether written, oral or otherwise, disparaging the other party any individual entity affiliated with related to in way member of press public at large.
This Amendment may be executed and delivered in any number of counterparts, each which, when delivered, shall deemed an original, all which together constitute the same agreement. Delivery copy this to a certification by person executing on behalf party hereto that such has been duly authorized empowered execute deliver other rely certification. signature page telecopier, facsimile or electronic mail as effective delivery manually Amendment.
Receipt by the Administrative Agent of any consents reasonably required to be obtained in connection with execution, delivery and performance obligations Loan Parties under Documents, if any. The Units shall be construed under and governed by the laws of State Delaware as to all matters, including, but not limited to, matters validity, construction, effect performance.
None of the terms this Agreement or any term, right remedy hereunder shall be deemed waived unless such waiver is in writing and signed by Party to charged therewith. No failure delay a insist upon strict performance term Agreement, exercise as consequence breach thereof, constitute subsequent term. default affect alter but each every continue full force effect with respect other then existing breach.
The provisions of this Section 9 shall survive the termination or expiration Agreement and Executive’s employment with Company be fully enforceable thereafter. If it finally determined that any restriction in is excessive duration scope unreasonable unenforceable under laws state jurisdiction, intention parties such may modified amended to render maximum extent permitted by law jurisdiction.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that his obligations provided herein are necessary reasonable in order to protect the Company its affiliates their respective business expressly monetary damages would be inadequate compensate and/or for any breach by of covenants agreements set forth herein. Accordingly, such violation this Section 15 will cause irreparable injury that, addition other remedies may available, law, equity or otherwise, shall entitled seek injunctive relief against continuation without necessity proving actual damages.
Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company Person pursuant this Note, such shall in lawful money United States America a check drawn on account and sent via overnight courier service at address as previously provided writing; that Holder may elect receive wire transfer immediately available funds providing with prior written notice setting out request Holder's instructions. amount expressed due terms Note day which not Business Day, same instead next succeeding Day.
Participant acknowledges that the SAR is subject to adjustment, modification and termination in certain events as provided this Agreement Plan. The provisions of this 2016-1 Servicing Supplement and the Agreement shall be binding upon inure to benefit parties hereto their permitted successors assigns. The terms and conditions of the Participant's Award Agreement shall govern extent, if at all, to which vesting any is accelerated or forfeited due a death, Disability, Retirement; provided that, for Full-Value Awards intended qualify Performance-Based Exception, no may occur distribution be made prior attainment Performance Goals.
All of the Company’s obligations to register Registrable Securities under Sections 3, 4, and 5 hereof shall terminate upon date on which Investor no longer holds or such Investor’s are eligible for resale without volume manner sale restrictions pursuant Rule 144 requirement Company be in compliance with current public information 144(c), as determined by counsel a written opinion letter effect, addressed, delivered acceptable affected Investor.
Reppond is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of State Arkansas. First Guaranty stock legal reserve life insurance company incorporated, existing, Louisiana possesses current Certificate Authority each jurisdictions set forth on Section 3.1 Disclosure Schedule. The Sellers have full power authority to enter into this Agreement, sell Shares Purchaser upon terms conditions herein, perform their respective obligations Agreement. made available true complete copies articles incorporation (as certified by appropriate governmental or regulatory authorities) bylaws Guaranty, including all amendments thereto through date
Except as otherwise set forth in Section 9.3, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, all costs and expenses incurred connection with this Agreement shall be borne by party incurring such expenses. This Plan is adopted, and to be effective, as of the first day Progressive’s 2016 fiscal year. shall effective for year each thereafter unless until terminated by Committee.
The Issuer is duly organized and validly existing as a statutory trust in good standing under the laws of State Delaware, with power authority to own its properties conduct business such are currently owned presently conducted. has appointed Administrator Issuer’s agent where notices demands or upon respect Notes this Base Indenture may be served.
Upon termination of the Participant’s employment by notice on account Disability, Company shall continue to pay Participant during Separation Period difference between current Base Salary and amount disability insurance payments received under Company’s Long-Term Disability Policy. In event a dies after commencement pursuant this Section 5.02, balance said be payable in accordance with Article VII Plan.
At the closing of any conversion, Holder shall surrender this Note, and Company issue to a certificate evidencing applicable securities issuable upon such conversion. Company’s election, fractional units will not be issued conversion Note. In lieu units, may pay Holder, by certified check, amount outstanding principal under Note that is so converted. The execute all documents necessary or appropriate effect
The representations and warranties contained in Article VI shall be true correct all material respects on as of such borrowing, issuance or extension date with the same effect if made date, except for any representation warranty an earlier which remain date; provided , that (x) a is qualified to materiality, materiality qualifier set forth above disregarded respect purposes this condition (y) clause (a) not apply Section 6.5(e) Extension Credit occurring after Closing Date.
If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal unenforceable in jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality unenforceability shall not affect other so long as the economic legal substance transactions contemplated hereby affected manner materially adverse to party hereto invalidate render jurisdiction. THIS GUARANTY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF STATE CALIFORNIA, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES THEREOF REGARDING CONFLICTS LAWS, ANY APPLICABLE LAWS UNITED STATES AMERICA.
The Company, and the Buyer shall have right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance any press releases, SEC, OTC MARKETS or FINRA filings, other public statements with respect transactions contemplated hereby provided, however, that Company be entitled, without prior approval Buyer, make release (or applicable trading market) filings such as is required by law regulations (although consulted in connection its provided copy thereof given an opportunity comment thereon).
(a) This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding of parties hereto in respect subject matter contained herein. There are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings, other than those expressly set forth referred to Subject Section 10.4, this supersedes all prior agreements understandings between with such matter. During the term of this Agreement, Company and APG shall conduct their respective businesses in substantial compliance with all Applicable Laws.
In furtherance of the transactions described herein, parties hereto shall, and shall cause their applicable subsidiaries to, execute such additional bills sale, quitclaim deeds, stock or equity powers, certificates title, assignments contracts other instruments transfer, conveyance assignment documents reasonably necessary to evidence Contributed Assets SpinCo valid effective assumption Assumed Liabilities by SpinCo, including any which are not transferred on date hereof as a result Section 2.2(b) Separation Agreement for reason.
Any and all notices or other communications deliveries hereunder (including without limitation any Exercise Notice) shall be in writing deemed given effective on the earliest of (i) date transmission, if such notice communication is delivered via facsimile at number specified Securities Purchase Agreement prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) a business day, (ii) next day after that not later than (iii) following mailing, sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service (iv) upon actual receipt party whom required given. The address for as set forth Agreement.
The Manager (i) is a corporation, duly formed and organized, validly existing in good standing under the laws of State California, (ii) qualified to do business as foreign corporation each jurisdiction where character its property, nature or performance obligations Transaction Documents make such qualification necessary (iii) has power authority (x) own properties conduct are currently owned conducted (y) perform this Agreement, except case referred clause extent that failure so would not reasonably be expected result Material Adverse Effect on Manager.
Borrower shall promptly give notice in writing to Lender of: (a) any litigation pending or threatened against which is materially adverse the Property; (b) occurrence of breach default payment performance obligation owing by person entity, other than Lender; (c) change name Borrower, and case a an organization, its identity organizational structure; (d) uninsured partially loss through fire, theft, liability damage; (e) termination cancellation insurance policy required herein maintain.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts (including by facsimile, .pdf similar imaging transmission), each of which shall deemed an original but all together constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement, the US Companion Contract, and Share Purchase Agreement agreements to be executed delivered in connection herewith (as expressly set forth herein) entire understanding agreement of Parties hereto shall supersede any other understandings (written or oral) between on prior date this with respect transactions described Agreement.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits in any suit, action or proceeding arising out of related to this Agreement the transactions contemplated jurisdiction United States District Court for Middle Tennessee and Chancery State sitting Davidson County, waives immunity from such courts claim improper venue, forum non conveniens, similar objection which it might otherwise be entitled raise action, proceeding.
This Agreement and the Plan supersede any other agreement, whether written or oral, that may have been made entered into by Corporation and/or of its subsidiaries Director relating to shares restricted Common Stock are granted under this Agreement. constitute entire agreement parties with respect such matters, there no agreements commitments except as set forth herein in Plan.
On each Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with execution delivery of this Agreement by parties hereto respect First Closing, Company agrees sell, Purchaser purchase, such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount as on signature page executed (an aggregate up $400,000.00 in connection Principal Note). At shall deliver Company, via wire transfer or a certified check, immediately available funds equal Purchaser, its Note, determined pursuant Section 2.3(a), other items 2.3 deliverable at Closing. Upon satisfaction covenants Sections 2.4 for occur offices Robinson Brog location mutually agree.
There are no actions, suits, claims, disputes or proceedings at law in equity by before any Governmental Authority now pending or, to the best of knowledge Borrower, threatened against affecting Group Member business, property rights (i) that purport affect involve Loan Document Transactions (ii) have resulted, as which there is a reasonable possibility an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could, either individually aggregate, reasonably be expected result, Material Adverse Effect.
Executive shall be and hold the title of Chief Officer Company. assume such position on Commencement Date. No delay or omission on part of the holder this Note in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver such other holder, nor delay, one occasion be deemed bar to same future occasion. The rights and remedies Payee cumulative may pursued singly, successively, together, sole discretion Payee.
In the event of a Change in Control (as defined Exhibit A) Account each Participant shall be paid to lump sum cash within five business days after date Control, an amount equal result multiplying (i) number Deferred Stock Units credited Participant’s on by (ii) Fair Market Value one share Common date. Notwithstanding foregoing, if involves disposition all Company for or securities price per received holders substituted date; is other than solely with readily determinable market value, Board will have sole discretion determine valuation any such portion share.
The Corporation agrees that it will not, and cause its Affiliates not to, make any offer or sale of securities the class if, as a result doctrine “integration” referred to in Rule 502 under 1933 Act, such would render invalid (for purpose (i) Notes by Initial Purchasers, (ii) resale Purchasers Subsequent (iii) others exemption from registration requirements Act provided Section 4(2) thereof 144A otherwise.
The Executive shall be entitled to reasonable paid vacation periods, in accordance with Company policy, taken the Executive’s discretion, a manner consistent obligations under this Agreement, and subject, respect timing, approval of Direct Supervisor. Each party’s obligations under this Section 2.14 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Agent any assignment rights by, of, a Lender an Issuing Bank, termination Commitments and repayment, satisfaction discharge all other obligations.
If, at the time of enforcement this Agreement, a court holds that duration, geographical area or scope activity restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing impose greater restraint than is necessary to protect goodwill and other business interests Company, Participant agrees maximum reasonable such will be substituted for allowed revise contained cover permitted by law, in all cases giving effect intent parties given broadest extent possible.
If any provision of the Agreement is rendered or declared illegal unenforceable by reason existing subsequently enacted legislation decree a court last resort, Parties shall meet promptly and negotiate substitute provisions for those that gives effect to intent maximum extent permitted applicable Law, but all remaining this remain in full force will not be affected impaired way thereby. To each Party hereby waives Law renders such prohibited respect.
If any provision in this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid, not binding or unenforceable, (a) such shall fully severable and construed enforced as if unenforceable had never comprised a part of Agreement, the remaining provisions remain full force effect (b) Parties hereto negotiate good faith modify so original intent closely possible an acceptable manner order that transactions contemplated hereby are consummated originally greatest extent possible.
Borrower shall promptly commence construction of the Improvements in accordance with terms and provisions this Loan Agreement will pursue same good faith diligence continuity Plans Specifications. To the Knowledge of SN Parties, as date hereof Company does not own, directly or indirectly, any capital stock equity interests other Person. The audited balance sheet and the related statements of income, stockholder’s equity cash flow Guarantor as for fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, copies which have heretofore been furnished to each Lender, present fairly financial condition results operation flows such date period. unaudited quarter June 30, 2016, operations periods.
Unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereof or otherwise extended by mutual written agreement of Parties, term this Agreement shall commence on Effective Date and continue in force effect until December 31, 2016 (the “Initial Term”), provided, however, that Parties agree DSM its successors-in-interest have no obligation under after 2015 provide manufacturing, processing, purifying, formulating, finishing Manufacturing services for Product at DSM’s [ †] facility located any other facility, but be obligated only packaging, labeling, holding, handling, storing, preparing shipment, inspecting quality control stability testing Patheon’s was filled finished prior .
(a) Sell or transfer any property assets to, purchase acquire from, otherwise engage in other transaction with, of its Affiliates, unless such is (i) not prohibited by this Agreement, and (ii) upon terms no less favorable to the Borrower Subsidiary, as applicable , Covenant Party than would be obtained a comparable arm’s length with person that an Affiliate.
On the Closing Date, Administrative Agent and Joint Lead Arrangers shall have received all fees required to be paid, expenses on or before including, without limitation, Fees accrued including Date under Existing Credit Agreement. The Executive’s or the Company’s failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision hereof other of this Agreement assert right that Executive Company may have hereunder, including, without limitation, terminate employment for Good Reason pursuant Section 5 Agreement, shall not be deemed constitute a waiver thereof.
Pursuant to Section 9.1 of the Merger Agreement, Parties hereby agree that including all schedules and exhibits thereto, ancillary agreements contemplated thereby or entered pursuant (collectively, “ Transaction Documents ”), are terminated effective immediately as date hereof (the Termination Time ”) and, notwithstanding anything contrary in Documents, 9.5(e) Agreement (provided 7.10(c) shall remain full force effect accordance with its terms), their entirety be no further whatsoever ”).
Xerox and Conduent (for purposes of this Section 9.02 only, prior to the Closing, one “ party ”) Deason other “party”) may, subject applicable Law only in writing, (a) waive any inaccuracies representations warranties another contained herein or document delivered pursuant hereto, (b) extend time for performance obligations acts (c) compliance by with agreements such or, except as otherwise provided herein, party’s conditions.
Each party hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right he, she or it may have a trial jury in respect of suit, action proceeding arising out this Agreement transaction contemplated hereby. ( i ) certifies that no representative, agent attorney other has represented, expressly otherwise, such would not, event litigation, seek enforce foregoing waiver and ii acknowledges hereto been induced enter into by, among things, mutual waivers certifications Section 6(n).
This Agreement and all questions regarding its validity or interpretation, the breach performance of this Agreement, shall be governed by, construed enforced in accordance with, laws State Delaware, without reference to conflict law principles. The U.N. Convention on Sale Goods not apply Agreement. The Executive’s employment with the Company shall terminate automatically upon his death.
In the event of any merger, consolidation or reorganization Company with other corporation corporations, there shall be substituted for each shares Common Stock then subject to Plan, including restrictions, options, achievement performance share objectives, number and kind stock securities which holders will entitled pursuant transaction. recapitalization, dividend, split, combination change in Stock, options achievements shares, adjusted proportion outstanding Stock. such adjustments, purchase price option, objectives Incentive, issuable Incentive as extent appropriate, discretion Committee, provide participants same relative rights before after adjustment.
Any provision of this Third Amendment that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective the extent prohibition unenforceability without invalidating remaining provisions hereof, and shall not invalidate render other jurisdiction. Unless otherwise defined in Exhibit A , capitalized terms used this Agreement (including the preamble hereto) shall have meanings provided Section 1.3 ( Definitions ) of Schedule Common and Rules Interpretation Terms Agreement.
Any and all notices or other communications deliveries required permitted to be provided hereunder shall in writing deemed given effective on the earliest of: (a) date of transmission, if such notice communication is delivered via facsimile at number set forth signature pages attached hereto prior 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) a Trading Day, (b) next Day after day that not later than any (c) second (2 nd ) following mailing, sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service (d) upon actual receipt party whom given. The address for as hereto.
The Holder shall, not later than the date as of which receipt this award becomes a taxable event for Federal income tax purposes, pay to Corporation any Federal, state, and local taxes required by law be withheld on account such event. Except in case where an election is made pursuant Paragraph 9 below, shall have authority cause minimum withholding obligation satisfied, whole or part, from shares Stock issued released transfer agent number with aggregate fair market value that would satisfy amount due.
The term of the Executive’s employment under this Agreement (the “Employment Period ”) shall commence on effective date first entered above “ Effective Date and continue until earliest (a) voluntary termination by Executive other than for Good Reason (as defined in Section 4.2), (b) Reason, (c) Fulton any reason Cause 4.3), (d) Cause, (e) with due to Disability 4.4), (f) retirement upon attaining age 65, or (g) death Executive.
No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless expressed in a written document that refers to executed writing by both the parties hereto and no waiver any provisions deemed constitute other provision hereof nor such continuing waiver. Employee and spouse will be enrolled on the corporate health insurance plan once Salary described in Section 5.2 is implemented.
Nothing contained in this Second Amendment shall be deemed to limit, affect or impair the imposition of provision for late charges, default charges and interest as provided Credit Documents. This is subject condition precedent payment Lender a modification extension fee amount Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($15,000.00) which, at option Lender, may taken out one more Advances.
Schedule 3.18 lists the major insurance policies, as of Closing Date, for each Credit Party, including issuers and limits. Each Parties their respective Subsidiaries Properties are insured with financially sound reputable companies or associations a nature providing such coverage is customarily carried by businesses size character business Parties. No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other Person is entitled to any broker’s, finder’s, advisor’s similar fee commission, the reimbursement of expenses in connection therewith, with this Agreement Exchanges based upon arrangements made by on behalf Xerox its Subsidiaries, than for which Subsidiaries are solely responsible.
This Agreement supersedes any and all other agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to employment of Employee by Company, excluding Nondisclosure previously signed Employee, Proprietary Rights Agreement, written policies adopted Company from time time, a Dispute Resolution Mutually Binding Arbitration be executed contemporaneous herewith, contains covenants agreements that manner whatsoever. Each party acknowledges no representations, inducements, promises, orally otherwise, than those set forth herein, have been made party, anyone acting on behalf agreement, statement, promise not contained this shall valid binding parties. Any modification will effective only if it is writing charged.
Payments . All amounts due under this Section 14.2 shall be payable promptly after demand therefor. (a) Keep all Property material to the conduct of its business in reasonably good working order and condition, ordinary wear tear excepted except where a failure do so, individually or aggregate, would not be expected have Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Delaware applicable to agreements made performed within that State, without regard conflicts principles thereof. This Agreement may be assigned by the Company or Parent to an entity which is affiliate, its successors and assigns. not you.
Between the date of this Agreement and Closing, Seller, shall maintain all relevant insurance policies not, without Buyer’s prior written consent: (a) enter into a lease or tenancy occupancy agreement with respect to Property portion thereof, (b) into, amend, renew, terminate extend any affecting Property, except for those agreements be terminated as set forth in Agreement; (s) negotiate terms other person entity delivery water from Property.
From time to time, at the Company’s request and without further consideration, Executive shall execute deliver such additional documents take all action as reasonably requested by Company be necessary or desirable make effective, in most expeditious manner possible, terms of this Agreement provide adequate assurance Executive’s due performance hereunder. This Joinder Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State New York without application any choice law provisions that would require another jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be construed and administered in accordance with the laws of State Delaware without reference to its principles conflicts law. The validity, construction, and effect of this Plan shall be determined in accordance with the laws State Delaware applicable to contracts made performed therein. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, by confirmed facsimile, or both, each of which will considered an original, but all together constitute the same instrument.
Each Group Member has filed or caused to be all Federal, state and other material tax returns that are required paid taxes shown due payable on said any assessments made against it of its property taxes, fees charges imposed by Governmental Authority (other than the amount validity which currently being contested in good faith appropriate proceedings with respect reserves conformity GAAP have been provided books relevant Member) except where failure file such pay charges, individually aggregate, could not reasonably expected a Material Adverse Effect; knowledge Borrower, no Lien filed, claim is asserted, tax, fee charge would, if made, Effect.
In the event of any conflict between terms this Agreement (or portion thereof) and Company Constitution, shall prevail. No Option Shares shall be issued upon exercise of this unless and until the Company is satisfied, in its sole discretion, that there has been compliance with all legal requirements applicable to issuance such Shares.
If the Trustee, any Noteholder or other Secured Party has instituted Proceeding to enforce right remedy under this Agreement and such been discontinued abandoned dismissed for reason determined adversely Trustee Party, then in every case Noteholders shall, subject determination proceeding, be restored severally respectively their former positions hereunder, thereafter all rights remedies of Parties shall continue as though no had instituted.
Upon the exercise of any Warrants, including automatic in accordance with Section 4.9 , or upon request by a Holder, Company shall deliver to Warrant Agent requesting as applicable, certificate an authorized officer setting forth true, complete and accurate listing, all Common Stock Deemed Outstanding applicable Exercise Date date such request, representing warranting that list is date. No Holder more often than once thirty (30) day period.
Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at grant or, if no rights of Participant are reduced, thereafter, subject to provisions applicable Award Agreement and Plan, upon a Participant’s Termination for any reason, Non-Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights will remain exercisable following on same basis as Options would be in accordance with Sections 6.3(f) through 6.3(j).
Any change in the time, manner or place of payment all any part Guaranteed Obligations, other term thereof, renewal, extension, increase, alteration, rearrangement, amendment modification to provision MDA document, instrument, contract understanding between EPR Parties and Empire Developers Person pertaining Obligations. Any notice hereunder by the Participant shall be given to Company in writing and such deemed duly only upon receipt thereof [General Counsel] of Company. at address as may have on file with
With respect to matters relating the creation, perfection and procedures enforcement of this Deed Trust, Trust shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, laws state which Property is located, it being understood that, except as expressly set forth above paragraph fullest extent permitted by law such state, State New York govern all other Credit Documents Indebtedness or Obligations arising hereunder thereunder. All provisions Agreement incorporated herein reference York, governing provision .
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and agreement between parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof, and, except as otherwise provided herein, cancels all prior or contemporaneous oral written understandings, negotiations, agreements, commitments, representations, promises in connection herewith. Notwithstanding forgoing, set forth this Agreement, nothing herein shall cancel, terminate, modify, suspend, affect those obligations Employment which survive termination of Employee’s employment Employer.
Each of the Company and Payee (i) hereby irrevocably submits to jurisdiction United States District Court sitting in Delaware courts State for purposes any suit, action or proceeding arising out relating this Note (ii) waives, agrees not assert such proceeding, claim that it is personally subject court, brought an inconvenient forum venue improper. consents process being served by mailing a copy thereof party at address set forth Section 13 hereof service shall constitute good sufficient notice thereof. Nothing 21 affect limit right serve other manner permitted law.
The Seller and each Servicer (i) shall provide, at its own expense, such cooperation, information assistance, prepare supply the Agent with data regarding Receivables performance by of their respective obligations under Agreement other Transaction Documents, as may be reasonably requested from time to (ii) hereby authorizes agrees time, promptly execute (if necessary) deliver all further instruments documents, take actions, that necessary or desirable, request, perfect, protect more fully evidence purchases made and/or security interest granted pursuant any Document, enable (on behalf Purchaser) exercise enforce Purchasers’ rights remedies Document.
The Company hereby agrees that it will use its best efforts to file a motion reasonably satisfactory the Senior Executives in Chapter 11 Cases, no later than three (3) days following Petition Date, seeking: (i) approval of this Agreement under Rule 9019 Federal Rules Bankruptcy Procedure and (ii) assumption Non-Qualified Plan Employment Agreements (as amended by Amendments) pursuant Section 365 Code (the “ Approval Motion ”). This shall become enforceable effective Effective Date ”) upon entry final non-appealable order Court approving is acceptable Consenting Noteholders.
This Agreement may not be amended and no other actions taken under this except by an instrument in writing signed the Company each Noteholder. The Company has at all times conducted its business and corporate affairs in accordance with articles of association or other equivalent constitutional documents applicable laws regulations material respects there been no default order, decree judgment any court governmental regulatory authority jurisdiction which applies to the Company.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of Operative Documents will, on Delivery Date, have been duly authorized all necessary corporate action part Borrower, do not require any stockholder approval, or approval consent trustee holders indebtedness obligations except such as obtained Date will be in full force effect, none contravenes law, judgment, government rule, regulation order binding certificate incorporation bylaws provisions of, constitutes a default under, results creation Lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon property indenture, mortgage, contract other agreement to which is party it its properties may bound affected.
Seller and Buyer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with each other (at no cost or expense the Party whose cooperation is requested) provide written notice any Person under Tenant Leases, Contracts, Licenses Permits, effect registrations filings Governmental Authority Person, regarding change in ownership of Property Business. This Section 7.6 survive Closing as well termination this Agreement.
The Executive Officer understands and agrees that the employment relationship creates a of confidence trust between Merchants with respect to all Confidential Information. At times during Officer’s Bank after its termination, will keep in such Information not use or disclose any without written consent Bank’s CEO except as may be necessary ordinary course performing duties Merchants.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any assignee or successor in interest PepsiCo, whether by merger, consolidation sale all substantially PepsiCo’s assets. PepsiCo will require (whether direct indirect, purchase, otherwise) business and/or assets expressly assume agree perform this same manner extent that would required it if no such succession had taken place. Participant his her legal representative person whom PSUs LTC Award may transferred applicable laws descent distribution.
THIS AMENDMENT AND ALL OTHER INSTRUMENTS, DOCUMENTS AGREEMENTS EXECUTED DELIVERED IN CONNECTION WITH REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN PARTIES MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN The following terms shall have the meanings for purposes of this Section 7. The Executive shall be entitled to vacation time consistent with the applicable policies of Company for other senior executives as in effect from time, but no event less than twenty-five (25) days per year.
The Subsidiaries are all of the direct and indirect subsidiaries Company (other than Synthesis Energy Systems (Zao Zhuang) New Gas Ltd., a Chinese company SES Asia Technologies, Hong Kong company). owns, directly or indirectly, capital stock other equity interests each Subsidiary free clear any “ Liens ” (which for purposes this Agreement means lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right first refusal, preemptive restriction), issued outstanding shares validly fully paid, non-assessable similar rights to subscribe purchase securities.
The General Partner may treat taxes paid by the Partnership on behalf of all or less than Partners, including any imposed under Section 6225 Code, either as an advance a distribution cash to such Partners general expense Partnership, determined appropriate circumstances Partner. Notwithstanding other provision this Agreement, is authorized take action that be required cause and Group Members comply with withholding requirements established Code federal, state local law pursuant Sections 1441, 1442, 1445 1446 foreign law. To extent elects withhold pay over taxing authority amount resulting from allocation income (including reason Code), withheld 6.3 12.4(c) in
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf any signature) other transmission method counterpart so to have been duly validly valid effective for purposes.
This Agreement and the authority delegated to Titan Management herein shall terminate (a) automatically upon closing of redemption by New HoldCo Series A Preferred Share in accordance with Section 5.7(b)(viii) LLC Agreement, (b) termination Omnibus or (c) sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance, gift, exchange, other disposal any person; provided, however , that subsection not preclude limit Management’s ability mortgage, pledge, hypothecate grant a security interest Share; provided further, forced sale pursuant foreclosure such encumbrance. Notwithstanding foregoing, Sections 9, 10, 12, 20 22 survive this Agreement.
On each Borrowing Date, other than as set forth on Schedule 6.09, there shall be no actions, suits or proceedings (governmental private) pending or, to the Parent Borrower’s knowledge, threatened (i) with respect this Agreement any Credit Document (ii) which has had, if adversely determined, could reasonably expected have, a Material Adverse Effect.
On the Closing Date, immediately after giving effect to Transactions and incurrence repayment of all Indebtedness obligations being incurred repaid in connection herewith therewith on Borrower its Subsidiaries, a consolidated basis, are Solvent. The Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee has right to amend, alter, suspend, discontinue cancel RSUs, prospectively retroactively; provided, that , no such amendment shall adversely affect Grantee's material rights under this Agreement without consent.
All notices hereunder shall be in writing (including facsimile or electronic transmission) and sent to the applicable party at its address shown on Annex A such other as may, by written notice received parties, have designated for purpose. Notices transmission deemed been given when sent; mail three Business Days after date registered certified mail, postage prepaid; hand delivery overnight courier service received.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of State New York, without regard to such state’s choice law provisions which would require application any other jurisdiction. Each Parties hereby agrees that Bankruptcy Court have exclusive jurisdiction all matters arising out or connection with this Agreement; provided however , if a CEC Chapter 11 Case Event occurs, court case initiated by is pending concurrent enforce CEC’s compliance Agreement.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment the transactions contemplated hereby do not require approval or consent any Person authorization, consent, license permit issued by, filing registration with, giving notice to, court, department, board, commission other governmental agency authority than those already obtained disclosure filings with SEC as may be required respect to Amendment.
No Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions paragraph (b) this Section, (ii) by way participation (d) (iii) pledge assignment a security interest subject restrictions (e) Section (and other attempted party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing Agreement, expressed implied, construed confer upon Person (other than parties hereto, their respective successors assigns permitted hereby, Participants extent provided and, expressly contemplated Related Parties each Administrative Agent Lenders) legal equitable right, remedy claim under reason Agreement.
The Stockholder has legal right and capacity, to execute deliver this Agreement, perform the Stockholder’s obligations hereunder consummate transactions contemplated by Agreement. execution delivery of Agreement consummation have been duly validly authorized all necessary action Stockholder, no other proceedings on part or any Affiliate thereof are authorize This executed delivered and, assuming due authorization, Company, constitutes a valid binding obligation enforceable against in accordance with its terms (except extent that enforceability (a) may be limited applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, moratorium, reorganization similar Laws affecting relating creditors’ rights generally (whether now hereafter effect) (b) is subject general principles equity).
Borrower is not a party to any agreement or instrument subject restriction which might materially and adversely affect the Properties Property, Borrower’s business, properties assets, operations condition, financial otherwise. in default material respect performance, observance fulfillment of obligations, covenants conditions contained it by Property are bound. has no obligation under indenture, mortgage, deed trust, loan other otherwise bound, than (a) obligations incurred ordinary course operation as permitted pursuant clause (s) definition “Special Purpose Entity” set forth Section 1.1 hereof, (b) Loan Documents.
Swingline Loans shall bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the Base Rate as in effect from time plus Applicable Margin for Loans. Interest on is solely account of Lender (except extent acquires participating Loan pursuant immediately following subsection (e)). All accrued and unpaid be payable dates manner provided Section 2.4. with respect Borrower may otherwise agree writing connection any particular Loan).
During the Engagement Term (as defined below), Executive will serve as Chief Financial Officer of Company, reporting to Officer, and assuming discharging such responsibilities are commensurate with Executive’s position. Term, provide services in a manner that faithfully diligently further business Company devote substantial portion time, attention energy thereto. Notwithstanding foregoing, nothing this Agreement shall restrict from managing his investments, other affairs matters or serving on civic charitable boards committees, provided no activities unduly interfere performance obligations under Agreement, honor non-competition non-solicitation terms per Section 14 below. agrees disclose those companies which he is member Board Directors, an executive officer, consultant.
All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than thirty (30) days after receipt of a reasonably detailed invoice therefor. Each party’s obligations under Sections 4.1 and 4.2 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Agent any assignment rights by a Lender, termination Commitments, repayment, satisfaction, discharge Full Payment Obligations.
This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have duly executed by Party that is party thereto. constitutes, Document so constitute, a legal, valid binding obligation of such Party, enforceable against thereto in accordance with its terms. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all taken together constitute one and the same instrument. Photographic or other electronic counterparts considered valid.
This Plan shall survive any Change in Control, and the provisions of this be binding upon surviving corporation, which treated as Company hereunder. The benefits provided under inure to benefit enforceable by Participant’s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees legatees. If Participant dies while amounts would payable hereunder had continued live, all such amounts, unless otherwise herein, paid accordance with terms person persons appointed writing receive or, if no is so appointed, estate.
This Escrow Agreement will terminate when Agent has released all the escrowed funds pursuant to section 2 hereof. The Participant may be required to pay the Company or any Affiliate and shall have right is hereby authorized withhold, applicable withholding taxes in respect of RSUs, their grant vesting payment transfer with include vested shares, take such additional action as necessary opinion Committee satisfy all obligations for taxes.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and, for purposes of this Note, delivered accordance with, effective as provided in, the Securities Purchase Agreement. This Agreement, together with any exhibits attached hereto, constitutes the sole and entire agreement of parties respect to subject matter contained herein, supersedes all prior contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations warranties, both written oral, such matter.
Each Lender represents and warrants that it has made its own independent investigation of the financial condition affairs Holdings Subsidiaries in connection with Credit Extensions hereunder shall continue to make appraisal creditworthiness Subsidiaries. No Agent have any duty or responsibility, either initially on a continuing basis, such behalf Lenders provide credit other information respect thereto, whether coming into possession before making Loans at time times thereafter, no responsibility accuracy completeness provided Lenders.
Subject to Section 9(c) of this Agreement, you agree not take any action or make statement, written oral, which disparages criticizes the Company’s its Affiliates’ business practices, disrupts impairs their normal operations, including actions statements that would (i) harm reputation with current prospective clients partners, public (ii) interfere existing contracts employment relationships and clients, partners employees.
This Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between Company Employee concerning subject matter of this Employee’s employment with separation from events leading thereto associated therewith, supersedes replaces any all prior agreements understandings relationship Company, exception Confidentiality Stock Agreements, except as modified herein. You will be paid a bi weekly base salary of $23,076.93 every other Friday, which equates to $600,000 annually. Your employment status classified as regular, full-time exempt employee.
The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from the chief financial officer or treasurer of Borrower, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to certifying that Company its Subsidiaries, on consolidated basis after giving effect this Agreement transactions contemplated hereby (including borrowing Revolving Loans, if any) are Solvent as Closing Date.
No Default or Potential has occurred and is continuing. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted enforced in accordance with the laws of State New York without giving effect to choice law provisions thereof. This Settlement Agreement may be executed by the Parties hereto in separate counterparts (including fax and .pdf), each of which when so shall an original, but all such together constitute one same instrument.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Party will use its reasonable best efforts take, or cause be taken, all actions do, done, things necessary desirable, under applicable Law otherwise, consummate transactions contemplated by Agreement. The Parties agree execute deliver such other documents, certificates, agreements writings take as may desirable in order implement expeditiously Agreement accordance with hereof.
WPPI shall not have materially defaulted in the performance of its covenants or obligations hereunder. Each of the parties hereto agrees that in event a breach any provision this Agreement, aggrieved party may elect to institute and prosecute proceedings court competent jurisdiction enforce specific performance or enjoin continuing Agreement. Such remedies, however, shall be cumulative not exclusive, addition other remedy which have.
This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Borrower, other Borrower Parties, each member Lender Group their respective successors assigns; provided, that entitled delegate any its duties hereunder or assign rights remedies set forth in this without prior written consent Administrative Agent sole discretion. No Person than Parties and, case Section 6 hereof, Releasees, have rely on all third-party beneficiary (other Releasees under hereof) are hereby expressly disclaimed.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the parties hereto on separate counterparts, each which when so delivered shall an original, but such together constitute one single same instrument. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF, RELATING THIS AGREEMENT.
No consent, approval, authorization or order of any court, governmental agency body arbitrator having jurisdiction over the Company, New York Stock Exchange Company's shareholders is required for execution by Company this Agreement and compliance performance its obligations under Agreement, including, without limitation, issuance sale Shares, which consent has not been obtained as Closing Date, other than Stockholder Approval. This Company’s hereunder approved Board Directors will be stockholders pursuant to Stockholders’ Approval, all in accordance with Articles Incorporation.
The obligations of the Company and any Holder, other than those contained in Section 10 this 14 , shall terminate with respect to such Holder as soon no longer beneficially owns Registrable Securities. The terms of this Agreement and each Paragraph thereof shall be considered severable the invalidity or unenforceability any part not affect validity enforceability remaining portions provisions hereof.
The Company may terminate this Agreement without cause at any time upon thirty (30) days written notice to the Employee. Employee days’ Company. If requested by Company, shall continue perform his duties and receive a mutually agreeable salary up date of termination. In addition, its discretion pay severance allowance on
COMPANY HEREBY KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES THE RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL WITH RESPECT ANY ACTION OR CLAIM BASED ON ARISING OUT OF IN CONNECTION THIS AGREEMENT REVOLVING NOTE, COURSE CONDUCT, DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL WRITTEN) OTHER EITHER PARTY. PROVISION IS MATERIAL INDUCEMENT SECURED PARTY MAKE LOANS EVIDENCED BY NOTE.
The Requesting Parties shall have obtained (i) the written consent of SNH to granting exceptions Ownership Limit and Collateral Persons by FVE Board described in Sections 2.1(c) 2.1(d) (ii) a waiver from SNH, on behalf itself its subsidiaries, any default or event under lease, management other agreement between among Company their arising resulting consummation Proposed Acquisition such exceptions. Such be for benefit Company, otherwise form as is satisfactory sole discretion (the “ Consent ”) all conditions effectiveness set forth therein been satisfied.
Subject to Sections 9(j) and 10, the other terms of this Agreement, Manager shall have full exclusive right manage control business affairs Company make all decisions regarding Company. All documents be signed by may executed on behalf (or if so authorized, applicable officers Company). Any non-Member transacting with rely signature such officers) any document or instrument as creating a valid binding obligation in accordance its terms, not required inquire authorization officers).
The Company will have the right at all times to assign any of its rights or obligations under this Indenture a direct indirect wholly owned Subsidiary Company, provided that, in event such assignment, remain liable for obligations. Subject foregoing, is binding upon and inures benefit parties hereto their respective successors assigns. This may not otherwise be assigned by hereto.
For purposes of this Option and any determinations to be made by the Administrator hereunder, shall binding upon Employee transferee. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of state California without regard to its conflict provisions. No Member shall create any Liens on all or portion of its Units. Transfer Units except as permitted by this Article XI . Any attempted creation a Lien, not in accordance with the terms , be null and void no legal effect.
For purposes of this Section 3.01 , the term “ Lender ” includes any L/C Issuer and applicable law FATCA. If at any time provision hereof is or becomes illegal, invalid unenforceable in respect under the law of jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not affect (a) legality, validity enforceability remaining provisions this agreement, (b) other jurisdiction.
The U.S. Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or to be done, all things necessary preserve keep in full force effect existence material rights, franchises, licenses, permits, copyrights, trademarks patents; provided, however, that nothing this Section 7.4 shall prevent (i) sales assets other transactions by the any accordance with 8.2 (ii) withdrawal qualification as a foreign Company jurisdiction if such could not, either individually aggregate, reasonably expected have Material Adverse Effect.
Each Borrowing Subsidiary is a Wholly-Owned of the Parent, all issued and outstanding shares capital stock which are owned by Parent and/or one or more its Subsidiaries (other than, in case any that not organized under laws political subdivision United States, with respect to directors’ qualifying required jurisdiction where such organized).
Capitalized terms used in this Agreement that are not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them Appendix 1 2016-2 Exchange Note Supplement or, if therein, A Credit and Security Agreement. Date (after giving effect to the incurrence of Loans on such date). To induce Buyer to purchase the Sold Receivables and acquire Contributed Receivables, each Transaction Party, as applicable, makes following representations warranties of Closing Date and, except extent otherwise expressly provided below, Transfer Date, which shall survive execution delivery this Agreement.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement (including, without limitation, Article X ), each of the Sellers and Purchaser will pay its own costs expenses connection with transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement shall be binding on the successors of each party and transferee allowed by Party. All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be given in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.1 Purchase Agreement to Mortgagor Mortgagee as specified therein.
Prior to the commencement of its operational activities, TOTAL shall acquire, and thereafter maintain, product liability insurance general commercial insurance, extent, in amounts from carriers with quality ratings not lower than industry standards for a similarly situated company, during Term so long as is exercising license rights granted hereunder including respect TOTAL’s facilities used conducting such activities. provide AMYRIS certificate evidencing coverage upon request.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement in accordance with its terms the consummation transactions contemplated hereby do not will (i) violate any applicable law or regulation, (ii) conflict with, result a breach of, constitute default under articles certificate incorporation by-laws Borrowing Company indenture, agreement other instrument to which is party by it properties may be bound, (iii) require creation imposition lien upon respect property now owned hereafter acquired Company.
The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of this Second Amendment, the Agreement, as amended hereby, (i) have been duly authorized all necessary action, (ii) do not will contravene any its Organizational Documents or Applicable Law in material respect Contractual Obligation binding on otherwise affecting it properties, (iii) result require creation Lien (other than pursuant to Document) upon with (iv) default, noncompliance, suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture nonrenewal permit, license, authorization approval applicable operations properties.
The provisions of this agreement are severable. If any provision is held to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall not affect the validity enforceability other provision. Your rights in respect of the Options are conditioned on receipt to full satisfaction Committee any required consents that may determine be necessary or advisable (including, without limitation, your consenting Company’s supplying third-party record keeper Plan such personal information as deems administer Plan).
Each party is responsible for paying all local, state, federal or foreign taxes, levies duties of any nature applicable to it (" Taxes "). If either has the legal obligation pay collect which other responsible, appropriate amount shall be invoiced and paid by party, withheld collecting unless provides a valid tax exemption certificate authorized taxing authority.
None of the officers or directors Company and, to Company’s knowledge, none employees Company, is a party any transaction with contemplated by (other than for services as employees, and directors) that would be required disclosed pursuant Item 404 Regulation S-K promulgated under Securities Act, except Transaction Documents set forth in SEC Filings.
This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of parties hereto their perspective successors assigns, subject provisions Lease regarding assignment or other transfers Tenant’s rights under Lease. No Guarantor shall engage in any transaction, other than a transaction contemplated hereunder, which would cause obligation, or action taken to be taken, hereunder (or the exercise by Lender of its rights under Note, Loan Agreement Documents) non-exempt prohibited ERISA.
In the event that, during Term, (a) number of issued and outstanding Shares or securities convertible exchangeable into exercisable for changes as a result reclassification, stock split (including reverse split), dividend distribution, recapitalization, merger, issuer tender exchange offer, other similar transaction, (b) Stockholder shall become beneficial owner any additional shares Company Common Stock, then terms this Agreement apply to Stock held by immediately following effectiveness events described in clause becoming owners thereof (b), though, either case, they were hereunder. that entitling holder vote give consent with respect matters set forth Section 1 , such though
THIS WAIVER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAW OF STATE TEXAS. This Award Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between parties with respect to subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreements regarding such matter. This agreement will be construed by and administered under the supervision of Committee, all determinations final binding on Holder.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without effect whatsoever on the between Company other Purchasers, written notice parties, if Closing has not been consummated or before April 11, 2016; provided, however, that termination will affect right of party sue for breach (or parties).
The Investors (each, a “ Recipient ”) each acknowledge the confidential and proprietary nature of Evaluation Material (as defined in Confidentiality Agreement) agree that will be kept strictly by Recipient’s Representatives accordance with terms Agreement. (a) Schedule 3.08(a) sets forth as of the Closing Date name and jurisdiction incorporation, formation or organization each subsidiary Borrower and, to such subsidiary, percentage class Equity Interests owned by any subsidiary.
No Employee shall have the right to be selected receive an award under Plan, or, having been so selected, a future award. Except as expressly set forth in Participant’s employment agreement with Company or Affiliate, any Actual Awards Plan not considered for purpose of calculating other benefits which such Participant may entitled, including (a) termination, severance, redundancy end-of-service payments, (b) bonuses long-service awards, (c) overtime premiums, (d) pension retirement (e) Base Salary payment made by Participant. All Participants acknowledge that there is no obligation on part continue Plan. Any granted are intended compensation continuing recurring nature, normal expected compensation.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall an original as against party whose signature appears thereon and all together constitute one the same instrument. THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS OBLIGATIONS OF PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY LAWS STATE NEW YORK, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, YORK GENERAL LAW SECTIONS 5-1401 5-1402 (BUT GIVING EFFECT TO FEDERAL RELATING NATIONAL BANKS).
Holder hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company its incorporators, officers, directors, employees agents, any of professional advisors, corporation or entity affiliated with Company, their from against all loss, damage, liability expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) due arising out a breach representations warranties contained in this Warrant. This obligation shall survive termination, expiration exercise
(i) Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower Administrative Agent, sell participations to Person (other than a natural of Borrower’s Affiliates) (each, “ Participant ”) in all portion such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitments Loans owing it); provided that shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto for performance obligations, and (iii) Borrower, Agent Lenders continue deal directly with connection Agreement.
The representations and warranties of the Parties set forth in Section 6.1(a) through (e) 7.1(a) (collectively, “ Fundamental Reps ”), together with all covenants contained herein, shall survive Closing indefinitely. Seller 6.1(h) , to extent pertaining Environmental Laws, terminate at Closing, remaining this Agreement expire on date that is nine (9) months after Date.
This Agreement (including any Schedules hereto) constitutes the full and entire understanding agreement among parties with respect to subject matter hereof, other written or oral relating hereof existing between is expressly canceled; provided , that, for avoidance of doubt, foregoing shall not affect rights obligations under Share Exchange Ancillary Document, including Registration Rights Agreement. Notwithstanding foregoing, nothing in this limit remedies Purchaser DT Representative Restricted Holders certificate instrument executed by favor Representative, agreement,
The Grant Notice may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by way of any electronic signature, subject to applicable l aw, each which shall deemed an original and all together constitute instrument. Pursuant to the Company’s customary policies in force at time of payment, Employee shall be promptly reimbursed, against presentation vouchers or receipts, for all authorized expenses properly and reasonably incurred by him on behalf Company performance his duties hereunder.
The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any clause or provision hereof shall be held invalid unenforceable in whole part jurisdiction, then such invalidity unenforceability affect only thereof jurisdiction and not manner other jurisdiction. Unless the context of their use in this Agreement requires otherwise, following words and phrases shall have meanings when used initially-capita lized form Agreement.
HFOL has kept all books and records since inception such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“ GAAP ”) consistently applied throughout the periods involved. The balance sheets are true accurate present fairly as of their respective dates condition HFOL. As date sheets, except to extent reflected or reserved against therein, including but not limited any previous tax liability had no liabilities obligations (absolute contingent) which should be notes thereto GAAP, assets therein properly reported value HFOL, GAAP. operations, stockholders’ equity cash flows reflect information required set forth by
This Note is a valid, legal and binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable against Borrower in accordance with its terms except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement creditors' rights generally general equitable principles (whether sought proceedings equity at law). This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of parties hereto, their heirs, successors permitted assigns. As used herein, singular number includes plural masculine gender feminine neuter.
This Award may be amended only by a writing executed the Company and Participant which specifically states that it is amending this Award. Notwithstanding foregoing, solely Committee Award, so long as copy of such amendment delivered to Participant, provided no adversely affecting rights hereunder made without Participant’s written consent. Without limiting reserves right change, notice provisions SARs or in any way deem necessary advisable carry out purpose grant result change Applicable Laws regulations future law, regulation, ruling, judicial decision, shall applicable have not been exercised herein.
All rights and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement that, by their nature do terminate with expiration or termination Agreement, shall survive Agreement. The term of the Option is ten years from Grant Date and will automatically terminate on July 1, 2026, to extent not exercised, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
The Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing from the in accordance with Section 2.2(a) , 4.2 or 5.2 as applicable. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement or any closing certificate delivered to WPU pursuant hereto shall be true correct at as date Advance (the “ Date ”) though made Date, other than such are specifically another date.
Any and all notices, requests, demands other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be in writing effective when delivered person or deposited the United States mail, postage prepaid, registered certified, addressed (i) to Fifer, at address listed therefor on books records of Company, (ii) set forth preamble, such as either Party may specify notice actually received.
IRCTC may modify any of the terms and conditions contained in this API Agreement, at time its sole discretion, by posting a change notice to your account, changing agreement, emailing email address account or otherwise notifying you. The changes Agreement will not apply retroactively become effective 7 days after posting. However, specific new functionality made for legal reasons be immediately upon notice. IF ANY MODIFICATION IS UNACCEPTABLE TO YOU, YOUR ONLY RECOURSE TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT. CONTINUED USE OF THE API, POSSESSION A COPY SPECIFICATIONS OR DEVELOPMENT DISTRIBUTION AN CLIENT FOLLOWING NOTIFICATION CHANGE AS DESCRIBED ABOVE WILL CONSTITUTE BINDING ACCEPTANCE CHANGE.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered in several counterparts, each of which, when so delivered, shall constitute an original, fully enforceable counterpart for all purposes. In order to expedite the transaction contemplated herein, facsimile or e-mail signatures used place original on this Agreement. Seller Purchaser intend bound by document (as case be), are aware that other party will rely such signatures, hereby waive any defenses enforcement terms based form signature.
No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby shall sell transfer property, real personal, used useful in its business, whether now owned hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent lease such property other that intends to use for substantially the same purpose purposes as sold transferred a “ Sale Leaseback Transaction ”), except sale of fixed capital assets by Borrower is made cash consideration an amount not less than fair value asset consummated within 90 days after acquires completes construction asset.
This Warrant and all rights, obligations liabilities hereunder shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, the internal laws of State Delaware, without giving effect to principles conflicts law that would require application any other jurisdiction. All notices, consents, requests, instructions, approvals or other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and delivered by personal delivery, overnight courier, mail, electronic facsimile e-mail addressed to the receiving party at address set forth herein. such effective when received.
Except when telephonic notice is expressly authorized by this Agreement, any or other communication to party in connection with Agreement shall be writing and sent manual delivery, facsimile transmission, overnight courier United States mail (postage prepaid) addressed such at the address specified on signature page hereof, as have hereto writing. All periods of measured from date delivery thereof if manually delivered, sending first Banking Day after courier, four days mailing mailed; provided, however, that Bank under Article II deemed been given only received Bank.
Buyer hereby adopts and agrees to be bound by, the Confidentiality Agreement with same force effect as if was originally a party thereto subject thereto, shall obligations TH Exploration, LLC. acknowledges that, by virtue of its right access Files Assets hereunder, will become privy confidential other information Seller Affiliates that such held Buyer’s their respective officers, employees, agents, advisors or representatives in accordance terms Agreement. If Closing should occur, foregoing confidentiality restriction on Buyer, including Agreement, terminate (except Excluded Assets), send written request Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co., LLC any parties given copies Pickering LLC, return destroy parties’ thereof.
No amendment or waiver of any provision this Agreement other Loan Document, and no consent to departure by Borrower therefrom shall be effective unless in writing signed Lender Borrower, each such only the specific instance for purpose which given. Options shall be exercised by the Participant’s delivery of a written notice exercise to Secretary Company (or its designee), setting forth number Shares with respect which Option is exercised, accompanied full payment for and any additional amount that Administrator specifies necessary pay required withholding taxes in accordance Section 11.
Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be all Tax returns reports required have been paid Taxes by it, except (a) that are being contested in good faith appropriate proceedings for which such Subsidiary, as applicable, set aside on books adequate reserves accordance with GAAP (b) extent failure do so could not reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Effect. The charges, accruals respect other governmental charges are, reasonable opinion Borrower, adequate. No Lien and, knowledge no claim is asserted any charge.
You will be eligible to participate in all of MGP Ingredient's medical insurance coverage provided for the benefit you and your family by group health programs existing terms that program. The Company currently pays 85% dental premiums. Coverage commence 90 days from start date. also enjoy a paid life policy long term disability Vacation time available at rate 20 per year, accordance with company's policies executive officers. All other benefits are outlined coworker handbook summary as appropriate under conditions those benefits.
This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Company its successors. The rights benefits under this are personal Executive such shall not subject assignment, alienation or transfer, except extent lawfully available estate beneficiaries death. THIS THIRD AMENDATORY AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF STATE NEW YORK, EXCLUDING LAWS APPLICABLE TO CONFLICTS OR CHOICE (OTHER THAN YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS §5-1401).
This Lease shall become effective (the "Effective Date") upon the approval of Lessor's lender on Property and when signed by Lessor Lessee (if lender's prior is required). All terms, conditions, covenants, rules regulations (other than payment Rent) apply as Effective Date. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State California, without reference to principles conflict laws. The captions this are not part provisions hereof have no force or effect.
The Lenders and each Managing Agent hereby appoint authorize the Administrative to take such action as agent on their behalf exercise powers under this Agreement are delegated by terms hereof, together with reasonably incidental thereto, including power authority hold perfect any ownership interest or security created pursuant hereto in connection herewith of Secured Parties. shall not be required that exposes it personal liability is contrary Agreement, other Facility Documents Applicable Law.
Subject to the other terms and conditions contained in Certificate Plan, Restricted Share Units shall vest four installments of an approximately equal whole number on each first, second, third fourth anniversaries Date Grant. The Plan is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Michigan without reference to principles conflict laws, except as superseded ERISA other applicable federal law.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement the other Loan Documents by each Party party thereto (a) will not contravene such Party’s organizational documents, (b) result in any violation provisions Legal Requirement Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over or properties assets, (c) with respect to Party, conflict a breach terms of, constitute default under indenture, mortgage, deed trust, secure debt, loan agreement, management agreement instrument which is to, property assets subject, that would be reasonably expected have Material Adverse Effect (d) except for Liens created Documents, require creation imposition Lien upon Party.
Each Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, diligence, promptness, presentment, demand, protest and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any notice not provided for herein, as well requirement that at time action be taken Person against Borrower, other guarantor of Guaranteed Obligations, or Person. Each party hereto warrants that the person signing below on such party's behalf is authorized to do so and bind terms of this Amendment.
All representations and warranties made hereunder in any other Loan Document or document delivered pursuant hereto thereto connection herewith therewith shall survive the execution delivery hereof thereof. Such have been will be relied upon by Administrative Agent each Lender, regardless of investigation Lender on their behalf notwithstanding that may had notice knowledge Default at time Credit Extension, continue full force effect as long Obligation (other than contingent Obligations respect unasserted indemnity claims) remain unpaid unsatisfied Letter outstanding.
The rights and remedies of the Parties are cumulative not alternative. Neither failure nor any delay by Party in exercising right, power, or privilege under this Agreement, documents referred to will operate as a waiver such privilege, no single partial exercise preclude other further privilege. This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile or other electronic transmission (e.g., .pdf file) in counterparts, the Parties separate each of which when shall deemed to an original, but all taken together constitute one same agreement.
The Borrower (a) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of jurisdictions its incorporation, (b) qualified as foreign authorized to do business every jurisdiction where failure so qualify would have or reasonably be expected Material Adverse Effect (c) has requisite corporate power authority own properties carry on now conducted proposed conducted.
There are no legal actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of Borrower, threatened, at law, in equity, arbitration before any Governmental Authority against affecting such Loan Party its Subsidiaries that (a) purport affect pertain this Agreement, other Document, Subordinated Debt Target Acquisition Documents transactions contemplated hereby thereby, (b) could reasonably be expected result equitable relief monetary judgments, individually excess $500,000 aggregate, Threshold Amount. No injunction, writ, temporary restraining order, decree order nature has been issued by court purporting enjoin restrain execution, delivery performance Documents.
Executive acknowledges that, while employed by the Company, will occupy a position of trust and confidence. The its subsidiaries affiliates shall provide with “Confidential Information” as referred to below. not, except may be required perform Executive’s duties hereunder or applicable law, without limitation in time, communicate, divulge, disseminate, disclose others otherwise use, whether directly indirectly, any Confidential Information regarding Company affiliates.
During the Term of this Agreement, Mr. Clarkson shall be reimbursed by HCSB for all reasonable business expenses incurred in connection with performance his duties hereunder, and such reimbursements paid accordance reimbursement policies effect from time to time. This Pledge Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts each which when so and delivered shall deemed an original, it not necessary making proof this to produce or account for more than one such counterpart by the Pledgor against whom enforcement is sought.
Seller hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Purchaser as of Effective Date shall be deemed remade at Closing pursuant Section 4.2(d). Such are subject those matters, if any, disclosed in Seller's disclosure statement attached hereto Schedule 5.1 made a part hereof by this reference ("Seller's Disclosure Statement"). The representations and warranties of each Purchaser shall be true correct in all material respects as the date when made Closing Date though at that time, except for are expressly a particular date, which such date.
(a) As promptly as possible but in any event within thirty (30) days (or such later date may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent) after Person becomes a Material Subsidiary, Borrower shall provide Agent with written notice thereof setting forth information reasonable detail describing material assets of and cause each Subsidiary to deliver Guaranty Security Agreement pursuant which agrees bound terms provisions thereof, accompanied appropriate corporate resolutions, other documentation and, if requested its discretion, legal opinions form substance reasonably satisfactory counsel.
Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, permit any of its Subsidiaries create, Lien upon with respect properties, whether now owned hereafter acquired; file exist under the Uniform Commercial Code Requirement Law jurisdiction, a financing statement (or equivalent thereof) that names it as debtor (other than an unauthorized so long such is promptly terminated after Loan Parties obtain knowledge thereof); sign security agreement authorizing secured party thereunder other than, all above, Permitted Liens.
If you die, the representative of your estate will, on relevant Payment Date, be paid amount or percentage Award that would have otherwise been payable pursuant to Paragraph 7, after such documentation as may requested by Committee is provided Committee. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original and all together constitute one the same document. accepted and/or by either party electronic means, any electronically document treated as
The Borrower will use the proceeds of Term Loans in compliance with Section 5.10 . This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date upon its execution and delivery by all parties. Neither the Borrower nor Pangaea maintains any Plan, Multiemployer Plan or Foreign Pension Plan. The confidentiality, non-disclosure and non-use obligations set forth in Article 8 of the Master Collaboration Agreement, including each Party’s rights with respect to publicity publications Sections 8.6 8.7.2 shall apply Parties’ performance all activities under this License Agreement.
Reference is made to the final prospectus of Parent, dated August 12, 2015 (the “ Prospectus ”). The Company has read and understands that Parent established Trust Account for benefit public stockholders underwriters IPO pursuant Agreement that, except a portion interest earned on amounts held in Account, may disburse monies from only purposes set forth Agreement. For consideration agreeing enter into this Agreement, hereby agrees it does not have any right, title, or claim kind will seek recourse against future as result of, arising out negotiations, contracts agreements with Purchaser.
The parties agree that this Agreement shall be construed as if the jointly prepared it so any uncertainty or ambiguity not interpreted against one party and in favor of other. To Seller’s knowledge, without investigation, Seller has heretofore delivered to Buyer (or will make available as part of the Documents) true complete copies all Approvals secured by Seller. not received any currently effective notice in writing uncured material breach or default under Approvals.
Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given (a) with respect to the Company any other Grantor, at address for giving of then in effect under Credit Agreement, and (b) Administrative Agent a Lender, Agent’s indicated Schedule 10.02 Agreement. All such addresses may modified, all notices effective, as provided Agreement effectiveness modifications thereunder.
The Originator and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Laws applicable to it or property, except where the failure do so, individually aggregate, would not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not responsible for any of the Consultant’s travel, entertainment and other out-of-pocket costs.
The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for account of Lenders in accordance with terms this Section 2.10 , on date each termination or reduction Revolving Committed Amount, Commitment Fee accrued through such amount Amount so terminated reduced. As of the Closing Date, Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are, after giving effect to incurrence all Loans Obligations being incurred in connection herewith will be, Solvent.
Each holder of Registrable Securities will take all necessary or desirable action in connection with the consummation any Piggyback Registration. including (a) agreeing to sell such Person’s securities on basis provided underwriting arrangements approved by Board; (b) completing and executing questionnaires, powers attorney, indemnities, agreements other documents required under terms arrangements; (c) providing writing information affidavits as requested Board registration statement prospectus relating offering.
Except as otherwise provided in any Employment Agreement (as defined Section 14 hereof) or determined by the Committee its sole discretion 4, 5, 6 7 hereof, Shares shall vest and Restrictions lapse thereby terminate be of no further force effect on third anniversary Award Date (the “ Vesting ”) that you are continuously employed Company through such Date.
The Subscriber understands and agrees that this Subscription Agreement is not binding upon the Company until other terms conditions have been met, including Offering Amount having obtained, accepts subscription, which acceptance at sole discretion of to be evidenced by Company’s completion, execution delivery Agreement. This 2016-A Servicing Supplement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of State California, without regard to any otherwise applicable principles conflict laws.
Executive shall render on a full-time basis all of his business time and attention to the Company its subsidiaries (collectively, “ Group ”). will have such authority responsibilities perform duties assigned Vice President Chief Operating Officer by CEO, commensurate with position as Company. If requested also serve an officer or director another member for no additional consideration. The principal place Executive’s employment be Eagan, Minnesota, except that acknowledges agrees he required travel purposes.
Each of Borrower and each Material Subsidiary owns or has the lawful right to use all Intellectual Property necessary for conduct its business, without conflict with any rights others, except as could not reasonably be expected have a Adverse Effect. There is no pending or, Borrower’s Borrowing Base Guarantor’s knowledge, threatened Claim respect Borrower, their (including Property) Except disclosed on Schedule 9.1.12 , neither Guarantor, nor other date hereof pays owes Royalty compensation Person Property. All material owned, used licensed by, otherwise subject interests of, shown . As hereof, manufacturing, marketing, distribution disposition Inventory Licenses (except ordinary course software Licenses).
The representations and warranties made in this Agreement shall terminate upon the eighteen (18) month anniversary of Closing Date, except for Fundamental Representations, which survive as follows: Section 3.10 (Tax Matters), 3.11 (Environmental 3.14 (Employee Benefits) until sixty (60) days following expiration statute limitations applicable thereto (giving effect to any waiver, mitigation or extension thereof) all other Representations perpetuity.
Company agrees to pay Ms. Simonet $11,111.11 per calendar month (or portion thereof) during the Consulting Period for performance of Services, which payment will be made no later than tenth day following performed Services under this Agreement. Pursuant terms Simonet’s outstanding equity awards Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, continue vest in such Agreement Term, including, without limitation, Period. For avoidance doubt, pro rata amount shall any partial months Service
Seller shall not enter into any new service contracts or other similar agreements affecting the Property that will be binding on Buyer without prior consent of (not to unreasonably withheld, conditioned delayed). Buyer’s failure approve disapprove such within three (3) business days after receipt Seller’s written request for approval deemed same. With respect Unilateral Agreement and Declaration (regarding off-site parking), advise changes form attached hereto as Schedule 6(E)(2) requested by County Maui have right review before executes delivers Maui.
During Executive's employment and after with the Company terminates, may, upon receiving prior written consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, use image, likeness, voice or other characteristics in Company's products services. Executive shall release from any causes of action that may have arising out use, distribution, adaptation, reproduction, broadcast exhibition such characteristics, provided obtains as described herein.
The rules of construction set forth in Section 1.02 the Credit Agreement shall be applicable to this Mortgage mutatis mutandis . All the Loan Parties’ obligations under this Article 3 shall survive termination of Aggregate Commitments and repayment all other Obligations hereunder. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH 18 SHALL SURVIVE CLOSE ESCROW AND ANY TERMINATION AGREEMENT.
Each Loan Party has (a) not entered into the transaction contemplated by this Agreement nor executed any Document with actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud creditor and (b) received reasonably equivalent value in exchange for its obligations under Documents. After giving effect Loans, each is Solvent. No petition bankruptcy been filed against last seven (7) years, no years made an assignment benefit of creditors taken advantage insolvency act debtors. contemplating either filing a it state federal laws liquidation all major portion such Person’s assets property, knowledge Party, Person Party.
Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and deemed sufficient when delivered personally, electronic delivery PDF format (followed first-class mail), seventy-two (72) hours after being deposited the U.S. mail, as certified registered with postage prepaid, addressed to party notified at such party's address set forth below subsequently modified written notice.
This Agreement and all rights hereunder shall be governed by the laws of State South Carolina, except to extent United States America in which case federal govern. The parties agree that any appropriate state court located Carolina or for District have exclusive jurisdiction controversy arising under connection with this a proper forum adjudicate such controversy. consent waive objection venue courts.
Neither Party may issue a press release or refer to the other publicly without such Party’s prior consent, which not be unreasonably withheld. The foregoing excludes any disclosure required under applicable law regulation, including Securities and Exchange Commission by governmental agency, in case make public shall use commercially reasonable efforts obtain approval of as form, nature extent issuing making disclosure.
This Agreement shall become effective when it have been executed by the Borrower and Administrative Agent notified each Lender that such has it. All questions concerning the governing law, construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of disputes regarding this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with provisions Purchase Agreement. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF STATE NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OR CONFLICT LAW PROVISION RULE (WHETHER OTHER JURISDICTION) THAT WOULD CAUSE APPLICATION JURISDICTION THAN .
The Agreement, together with the Appendices and Schedules, constitutes entire agreement between parties respect to subject-matter hereof supersedes any all written or oral prior agreements understandings parties. No terms conditions of either party’s invoice, purchase order other administrative document (unless signed by authorized representatives both expressly referencing that it amends this Agreement) will be effective as a modification Agreement Schedule, regardless failure object such form.
This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, Company its successors assigns, upon any person acquiring, whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of assets or otherwise, all substantially Company’s business. If benefits deliverable Executive under this have not been delivered at time Executive’s death, such beneficiary beneficiaries designated in a writing filed with form as require. fails designate beneficiary, if does survive Executive, distributable distributed legal representative estate Executive.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by facsimile and .pdf format), each of which shall deemed to an original all such together constitute one the same instrument. No covenant, term or condition of this Agreement, other than as expressly set forth herein, shall be deemed to have been waived by Seller Buyer unless such waiver is in writing and executed Buyer, the case may be.
Except as set forth on Schedule 9 attached hereto and made a part hereof, to the Prior Perfection Certificate sets true correct list of all duly authorized, issued outstanding types stock or membership interests Borrowers each other Credit Party (other than Parent Guarantor) their Subsidiaries record beneficial ownership such setting percentage equity pledged under Agreement, Pledge Agreements and/or Security Agreements. In addition, except investment Borrower that represents 50% less entity in which was
(a) The Company hereby agrees to employ the Employee, and Employee accept such employment with Company, beginning on June 18, 2012 continuing for period set forth in Section 2 hereof, all upon terms conditions hereinafter forth. No waiver or modification of this Agreement any covenant, condition, limitation herein contained shall be valid unless in writing and duly executed by the parties to charged therewith.
This Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising out of related to this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby, relationship parties hereunder, interpretation enforcement rights duties parties, whether in contract, tort, equity otherwise, shall be governed by construed accordance with internal Laws State Delaware applicable contracts made that state, without giving effect choice law conflict provision rule would cause application jurisdiction other than Delaware.
This Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall an original and all together constitute agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors you Company. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalidated for reason by a court competent jurisdiction, so will be deemed to separable from other provisions hereof. The remaining continue valid and fully enforceable.
The compensation and benefits specified in this Section 3 5 of Agreement shall be lieu any all other benefits, except that Executive will receive connection with her role as Vice President General Counsel vTv. Payment to (i) made accordance the relevant Company policies effect from time extent same are consistently applied, including normal payroll practices, (ii) subject legally required customary withholdings.
Other than the Placement Agents, no Person will have, as a result of transactions contemplated by Transaction Documents, any valid right, interest or claim against upon Company an Investor for commission, fee other compensation pursuant to agreement, arrangement understanding entered into on behalf Company. No shall have obligation with respect fees, claims made Persons in each case type this Section 4.22 that may be due connection Agreement Documents.
THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE THAT IRREPARABLE DAMAGE WOULD OCCUR IN EVENT ANY OF PROVISIONS THIS AGREEMENT WERE NOT PERFORMED ACCORDANCE WITH ITS SPECIFIC INTENT OR OTHERWISE BREACHED. IT IS ACCORDINGLY AGREED SHALL BE ENTITLED TO AN INJUNCTION INJUNCTIONS, WITHOUT BOND, PREVENT CURE BREACHES AND ENFORCE SPECIFICALLY TERMS HEREOF, BEING ADDITION OTHER REMEDY WHICH THEY MAY BY LAW EQUITY, PARTY SUED FOR BREACH EXPRESSLY WAIVES DEFENSE A DAMAGES ADEQUATE.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS AGREEMENT, OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT THEORY). (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO AGREEMENT BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
No Person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by Transaction Documents, any valid right, interest or claim against upon Company, its Subsidiaries an Investor for commission, fee other compensation pursuant to agreement, arrangement understanding entered into on behalf such Investor. The Company and its ownership operation of business are in compliance with all applicable Laws material respects. has no Knowledge any changes to nor regulations, licensing requirements or orders which the Company’s Employees (because their activities on behalf employer) subject that would have a Material Adverse Effect Company.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original and together constitute one the same agreement. will not become enforceable until by Company following expiration revocation period. The language used in this Agreement will be construed to the chosen by parties express their mutual intent and no rules of strict construction applied against either party.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or reported on a Form 3, 4 5 filed with Commission, either case at least ten days prior to date hereof, none of executive officers, directors employees Company is presently party any transaction (other than for ordinary course services directors), including contract, agreement other arrangement providing furnishing by, rental real personal property from, otherwise requiring payments from such officer, director employee or, Company’s Knowledge, corporation, partnership, trust entity which director, has substantial interest an trustee partner.
This Agreement, the Purchase Agreement and other documents delivered pursuant to (including Warrant, Series A Certificate of Designations, Registration Rights Agreements, Term Sheet, each as defined therein), constitute full entire understanding agreement between parties with regard subjects this such agreements documents. The “Effective Date” of the Plan shall be October 27, 2016. “Plan Year” 12-consecutive month period beginning on January 1 and ending December 31; provided, however, that, first Year a short Effective Date 31,
Sublessor will lease the Aircraft to Sublessee for a term of 36 months commencing __________, 20__ and terminating on 20__, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 2 below (the “ Term ”), that have option renew this Sublease one two-year and, event elects exercise such renewal option, continue until 20__.
Assignor does hereby sell, assign, transfer and set over to Assignee all of Assignor’s right, title interest as “Landlord” under the Leases, assumes duties obligations Leases arising on after Effective Date. In case any provision in this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such severable from the remainder of contract and validity, legality enforceability remaining provisions not way affected impaired thereby.
Employee agrees to refrain from any disparagement, defamation, libel, or slander of the Releasees, and tortious interference with contracts relationships Releasees. shall direct inquiries by potential future employers Company’s human resources department A10 a neutral employment reference, upon inquiry, Company provide only Employee’s job title, dates employment, if authorized employee in writing, his salary information.
At the Closing upon terms and subject to conditions set forth herein, (a) Purchaser shall purchase from Sellers, one or more of their direct indirect Subsidiaries, Sellers shall, cause Subsidiaries to, as applicable, sell, convey, assign, transfer deliver Purchaser, Transferred Assets, (b) assume become responsible for paying, performing discharging, Assumed Liabilities.
This Sixth Amendment may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, with the same effect as if signatures thereto were upon instrument. If any signature to this is delivered by facsimile transmission or e-mail delivery a portable document format (.pdf similar format) data file, then such create valid and binding obligation party executing (or on whose behalf executed) force “.pdf’ page original thereof. become effective when both Sublandlord Subtenant have received counterpart hereof signed other.
In the event that Administrative Agent desires to exercise any remedies, voting or consensual rights attorney-in-fact powers set forth in this Agreement and reasonably determines it necessary obtain approvals consents of Governmental Authority other person therefor, then, upon reasonable request Agent, such Grantor agrees use its commercially efforts assist aid as soon practicable for powers.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed enforced in accordance with the Laws of State Iowa without regard to principles conflicts law. This instrument contains the entire agreement of parties relating to subject matter hereof, and supersedes in its entirety any all prior agreements, understandings or representations hereof[, including without limitation, Prior Agreement, which shall terminate as Effective Date].
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent, Borrower Holdco the constitutes, each other Loan Document when Party that is party thereto will constitute, a legal, valid binding obligation of such enforceable against in accordance with its terms, subject to (a) effects bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, (b) general principles equity (regardless whether enforceability considered proceeding at law), (c) implied covenants good faith fair dealing (d) any foreign laws, rules regulations as they relate pledges Equity Interests Foreign Subsidiaries are not Parties.
Each of Holdings and its Subsidiaries possesses all franchises, licenses permits, patents, copyrights, trademarks trade names, rights in respect the foregoing, material necessary to conduct business without known conflict with any others. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute one and the same Agreement. Facsimile copies to originals original document.
The Borrower will not, and not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer property assets purchase, acquire from, engage in other transactions with, Affiliates, except (a) at prices on terms conditions materially less favorable to the such Subsidiary than could be obtained an arm’s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) between among (c) connection with agreements set forth Schedule 6.05.
Notices hereunder must be in writing, delivered personally or sent by registered certified U.S. mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. to the Company addressed CommScope Holding Company, Inc., 1100 Place, SE, Hickory, North Carolina 28602, Attn: Corporate Secretary, any other address designated a written notice Optionee. Optionee will directed of then currently on file with at given Company.
This Supplemental Indenture, together with the shall be governed by and construed in accordance laws of State New York. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the proceeds from sale of Shares net expenses shall be used to fund all or a portion purchase price under PHMD APA. The provisions of this Article 8 shall survive the PE Unit Closing and termination Agreement.
The Severance Benefit hereunder shall be reduced by all applicable income, employment or other taxes withheld the Company from such payment. Before and after giving effect to the making of each Advance issuance or increase Letter Credit, in case, Effective Date, Borrower its Restricted Subsidiaries are, when taken as a whole, Solvent.
(a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account any obligation Loan Party under Document shall be made without deduction withholding for Taxes, except as required applicable law. If law (as determined in the good faith discretion an agent) requires Tax from such payment a agent, then agent entitled to make timely pay full amount deducted withheld relevant Governmental Authority accordance with and, if is Indemnified Tax, sum payable increased necessary so that after has been (including deductions withholdings additional sums this Section 2.17 ) Recipient receives equal it would have received had no made.
Adjustments under this Section 12 related to stock or securities of the Company shall be made by Administrator, whose determination in that respect final, binding, and conclusive. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for reason, it will adjusted rather than voided, if possible, achieve the intent parties. All other provisions deemed valid and enforceable extent possible.
All headings are for convenience only and shall not be used in interpreting any text to which they relate. THIS AMENDMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG PARTIES MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN In the event of occurrence a Change in Control, 100% then unvested portion Options granted hereunder and not previously forfeited shall immediately become fully vested non-forfeitable, provided that Participant remains Service on date consummation Control.
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “ Closing ”) shall take place at FCRE’s offices 60 Broad Street, 34th Floor, New York, NY, or such other location in Manhattan which is mutually agreeable to Parties, on date execution if conditions as set forth Article V hereof have been met, first business day after Section 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 met waived each Parties notice hereto, time being essence “Closing Date”). their representatives may participate electronic means delivery signed documents. be deemed occur midnight end Date.
This Agreement and the other Indenture Documents to which such Grantor is a party constitute legal, valid binding obligations of Grantor, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws general application relating enforcement creditors’ rights extent specific remedies may generally be equitable principles.
This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, Members, their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors assigns. There no third party beneficiaries of this Agreement. This Agreement and the rights obligations hereunder shall be binding on inure to benefit of successors parties hereto. herein may not assigned or otherwise transferred, in whole part, by Voce without express written consent Company.
No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Domestic Subsidiary to, enter into arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby shall sell transfer property, real personal, used useful in its business, whether now owned hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent lease such property other that intends to use for substantially the same purpose purposes as sold transferred (a “ Sale Leaseback Transaction ”), except sale of fixed capital assets by Borrower is made cash consideration an amount not less than fair value asset consummated within 90 days after acquires completes construction asset.
This Lease Agreement shall be governed by, enforced and construed in accordance with, the laws of State New York without regard to conflict principles. No litigation, investigation or proceeding of before any arbitrator Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge Borrower, threatened by against Group Member (a) with respect Loan Documents transactions contemplated hereby thereby, (b) that, after giving effect applicable insurance, would be likely have a Material Adverse Effect.
If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree renegotiate such provision in good faith. In event that cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for provision, then (i) shall excluded from Agreement, (ii) balance Note interpreted as if were so excluded, (iii) accordance with its terms.
Joining Party represents and warrants to Agent that, as of the Effective Date (as defined below), except disclosed in writing by on or prior date hereof approved (which disclosures shall be deemed amend Schedules other delivered contemplated Credit Agreement), representations warranties contained Agreement Loan Documents are true correct all material respects applied a Subsidiary Borrower though made that date. As Date, covenants agreements Borrowers with respect no Default Event exist might upon event becomes Borrower.
In the event any party hereto fails to perform of its obligations under this Agreement or transactions contemplated hereby in a dispute arises concerning meaning interpretation provision Agreement, defaulting not prevailing such dispute, as case may be, shall pay and all reasonable costs expenses incurred by other enforcing establishing rights hereunder, including court attorneys’ fees.
The term of each stock option granted to a Non-Employee Director shall be ten (10) years from the date is granted. Upon Director’s cessation service on Board for any reason, his or her options purchase shares Company’s common under this Program remain exercisable twelve months following (or such longer period as may determine in its discretion after grant options).
Any notices required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall sufficient if in writing and personally delivered sent by a recognized overnight courier service Employee’s residence as last shown on Employer’s employment records, the case of Employee, Kemper Corporate Services, Inc., Attn: C. Thomas Evans, Jr., Senior Vice President, One East Wacker Drive, Suite 1000, Chicago, Illinois 60601, Employer.
The Operative Documents to which the Borrower is a party delivered on or prior date hereof Delivery Date, as case may be, each constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of enforceable against in accordance with terms thereof except such be limited by equitable principles applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally.
The respective obligations of, and benefits afforded to, the Company Employee as provided in Sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 11 15 of this Agreement shall survive termination Agreement. Seller and the Guarantor shall preserve maintain their legal existence all of material rights, privileges, licenses franchises. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including facsimile and email pdf signatures which shall deemed as original signatures. All counterparts constitute one agreement, notwithstanding that all signatories are not to the or same counterpart.
The audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its subsidiaries as at January 30, 2016, related statements income cash flows for such fiscal year, reported on by accompanied a report from Loan Parties’ independent auditors, copies which have heretofore been furnished to each Lender, present fairly in all material respects financial position date results operations year then ended.
Executive shall serve as Chief Operating Officer, U.S. of the Company, and perform such duties consistent with his position may be assigned to him from time by Officer Company (“CEO”) or Board Directors (the “Board”). hereunder at Company’s corporate offices 400 Perimeter Center Terrace, Suite 1000, Atlanta, Georgia, 30346, subject reasonable amount travel is necessary render services provided hereunder.
This Security Agreement is made for the sole and exclusive benefit of Pledgor Secured Party not intended to any third party. No such party may claim right or seek enforce term provision this Agreement. Expiration or early termination of this Agreement shall not relieve either Party its obligations incurred prior to expiration termination. The under Sections 4.13, 5.6, 6.2 (first paragraph), 6.4(c), 6.4(d), 10.5, 10.6 and 11.7, Articles 7, 8, 9 11 Agreement, survive any extensions thereof for a period five (5) years.
In the event of a breach or threatened by Executive any provisions this Agreement, hereby consents and agrees that Employer shall be entitled to seek, in addition other available remedies, temporary permanent injunction equitable relief against such from court competent jurisdiction, without necessity showing actual damages money would not afford an adequate remedy, posting bond security. The aforementioned to, lieu of, legal monetary damage forms relief.
This Agreement is effective as of the date first above written and shall continue in effect with respect to each Shared Contract (Parent Companies) until earlier occur (a) expiration or termination, case may be, such Companies), (b) award Spinco any its Subsidiaries a substitute successor contract vehicle Companies); provided , however that provisions this Section 4 (Term) Sections 5 (Use Intellectual Property), 6 (Proprietary Information), 10 (Construction), 11 (Entire Agreement), 12 (Governing Law), 16 (Third Party Beneficiaries) 18 (Dispute Resolution), well terms conditions described Agreement, Cost Principles Standard Terms Conditions are applicable Orders by their survive termination expiration.
(a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by before any arbitrator Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of Borrowers, threatened affecting Company its Subsidiaries (i) as which there is a reasonable possibility an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually in aggregate, result Material Adverse Effect (other than Disclosed Matters) (ii) that involve this Agreement, other Loan Documents Transactions.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Plan will become effective on the Effective Date and terminate ten (10) years from date amended restated is approved by Board. This all Awards granted hereunder shall be governed construed in accordance with laws of State Delaware. All fees and expenses with respect to the negotiation of this Agreement consummation transactions contemplated hereby shall be borne by party incurring such expenses.
At all times prior to the Closing Date or earlier termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, Company and Commitment Parties shall consult each other issuing any press releases (and provide a reasonable opportunity review comment upon such release) otherwise making public announcements respect transactions contemplated by Agreement, it being understood that nothing ‎Section 10.12 prohibit Party from filing motions pleadings documents Bankruptcy Court connection Chapter 11 Cases.
Subject to Section 4 hereof, the Options shall vest as follows: [·] so long Participant continuously remains an employee, officer, director, or consultant of Company from Grant Date through such date(s). The be exercisable on any date extent vested and outstanding date. For purposes this Agreement, employment service relationship with include provision services Company's affiliates (including Subsidiaries) and/or its successors.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver Administrative Agent an Assignment Assumption, together with a processing recordation fee in the amount of Three Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($3,500); provided , however that may, its sole discretion, elect waive such case any assignment. assignee, if it is not Lender, Questionnaire information regarding assignee as may reasonably request.
All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly (and in any event within ten (10) days) after demand therefor. A Member shall become 100% vested in his Retirement Savings Contributions upon the attainment of 3 Years Service (as determined accordance with Qualified Plan pursuant to which such Member’s were made).
The Company shall pay to the Executive for performance of his duties under this Agreement an initial base salary $ 350,000 U.S. dollars per year (the “ Base Salary ”), payable in accordance with Company’s normal payroll practices. Thereafter, rate Executive’s will be reviewed and adjusted as appropriate regular compensation review Effective date any such increase, so increased considered new all purposes Agreement.
Subject to the provisions of Section 5.3 , each document (including any UCC financing statements, Intellectual Property Security Agreements, Deposit Account Control Securities and landlord access agreements and/or bailee waivers) required by Documents or under law reasonably requested Administrative Agent be filed, registered recorded create in favor (for ratable benefit Secured Parties), a perfected Lien on Collateral described therein, prior superior right priority held other Person (other than with respect Liens expressly permitted 7.3 ), shall have been executed delivered or, as applicable, proper form for filing, registration recordation.
This Award Agreement and the Plan together constitute entire agreement supersede all prior understandings agreements, written or oral, of parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof. The this may be amended pursuant Section 10 Plan. Such amendment must in writing signed by Company. Company may, however, unilaterally waive any provision hereof extent such waiver does not adversely affect interests Non-Employee Director hereunder, but no shall operate as construed a subsequent same other
(a) The Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, maintain as their principal business, taken a whole, the exploration, production, transportation, distribution, refinement, processing, storage, marketing gathering of oil other hydrocarbons petroleum, natural, synthetic or gas such activities related, ancillary incidental thereto. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts each of which when shall deemed to an original but all taken together constitute and the same agreement. Delivery counterpart a signature page this by facsimile portable document format (PDF) as effective delivery manually-executed Agreement.
The Company has all requisite corporate power and taken action to execute deliver this Warrant, issue the Warrant Stock carry out perform of its obligations hereunder. This been duly authorized, executed delivered on behalf constitutes valid binding agreement Company, enforceable in accordance with terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws relating affecting enforcement creditors' rights generally (ii) equitable principles generally. Any person executing is a authorized officer necessary legal authority bind specific cause Warrant.
Option Holder is a holder of options to purchase number shares common stock the Company (the “Option Shares”) pursuant Agreement(s) described on Schedule A. To extent that any Shares granted in one calendar year exceed 100,000 shares, hereby agrees forfeit all rights comprising excess “Excess Shares”), as indicated Shares” column For Agreement, Excess forfeited shall be those would vest last time.
Subject to the limitations and other provisions of this Agreement, representations warranties contained herein shall survive Closing remain in full force effect until date that is twenty months from Date. None covenants or agreements Agreement Date than those which by their terms contemplate performance after Date, each such surviving covenant agreement fully performed, if earlier, upon all Product Agreements have been terminated. Notwithstanding foregoing, any claims asserted good faith with reasonable specificity (to extent known at time) writing notice non-breaching party breaching prior expiration applicable survival period not thereafter be barred finally resolved.
Except as expressly modified hereby, all terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force effect. During the Term, Executive shall be employed as and hold title of President Company, with such duties responsibilities that are customary in position for public companies. As report directly to Chief Officer Company Board.
A participant may reduce or increase future payroll deductions payments made pursuant to Section 5.01 by filing with the Plan Representative a form provided Company for such purpose. The effective date of any reduction in will be next Offering Commencement Date that both succeeds processing change and involves an which is eligible participate, taking into account suspension participation 8.02 requires. participant's changed enrollment election shall remain effect successive Offerings unless terminated as 8.01.
Each Party (as applicable, an “ Indemnifying ”) shall indemnify and hold harmless the other Parties their respective officers, directors, employees, agents representatives from against any all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), but excluding consequential, special or punitive incurred in connection with, resulting from, arising out of (i) misrepresentation respecting, a breach of, representation warranty made by this Agreement, and/or (ii) material nonperformance covenant agreement to be performed under Agreement.
This Award Agreement and the Plan constitute entire agreement understanding of parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof supersede all prior understandings agreements (whether written or oral) between Company Grantee such matter, provided that this (including Schedule A hereto) does not impair, diminish, restrict waive any restrictive covenants compete solicit employees clients) confidentiality obligations Company, if any, under other agreement, policy, plan program.
If, at any time after the Effective Time, Surviving Corporation shall determine that actions are necessary or desirable to vest, perfect confirm of record otherwise in its right, title interest in, under rights, properties assets either Company Merger Sub acquired be by as a result of, connection with, carry out this Agreement, then officers and directors authorized take all such may vest Agreement.
If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal incapable being enforced by rule law public policy, all conditions and provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force effect so long as the economic legal substance transactions contemplated hereby not affected manner materially adverse to party. Upon such determination that enforced, parties hereto negotiate good faith modify original intent closely possible an acceptable end are fulfilled fullest extent possible.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives any right it may have, and agrees not to request, a jury trial for the adjudication of dispute hereunder or in connection herewith arising out this Agreement transaction contemplated hereby. If any provision of this Guaranty or the application such to Person circumstance shall be held invalid, illegal unenforceable in respect by a court competent jurisdiction, invalidity, illegality unenforceability not affect other hereof.
No waivers of any breach this Agreement extended by the Company or Synta to Stockholder shall be construed as a waiver rights remedies Synta, applicable, with respect other stockholder who has executed an agreement substantially in form Shares held subsequently such subsequent Synta. provisions hereof party deemed party, nor continuing provision party.
Any and all notices or other communications deliveries required permitted to be provided hereunder shall in writing deemed given effective on the earliest of: (a) date of transmission, if such notice communication is delivered via facsimile at number set forth signature pages attached hereto prior 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) a Trading Day; (b) next Day after day that not later than any (c) second (2 nd ) following mailing, sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service; (d) upon actual receipt party whom given. The address for as hereto.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser does not, will violate any provision its charter or bylaws or, subject to the receipt Regulatory Approvals, constitute a breach contravention of, default under, Law which is subject, violation, breach, could reasonably be expected have material adverse effect on Purchaser.
Except as hereinafter provided and prior to adjustment in accordance with Sections 4.06(a) 4.07(b) the standard early retirement allowance shall be an deferred commence on first day of calendar month next following Member’s Normal Retirement Date equal Accrued Benefit earned up his or her Early Date, computed basis Service, Final Average Compensation Social Security determined assumption that Member had no earnings after Date. The may, however, elect receive commencing any before specified later request therefor a reduced amount which, 4.07(b), Benefit, by 1/3 1% per for each which commencement date precedes
The Plan Administrator shall furnish Participants with all disclosures now or hereafter required by ERISA the Code. file, as required, various reports and concerning its operations Code, be solely responsible for establishing maintaining records of Plan. Capitalized terms which are used in this Agreement but not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to them Plan.
During the Employment Period, Company shall pay Employee a base salary at rate of One Hundred Eighty-Five Thousand Dollars (US$185,000.00) per annum (the “Base Salary”). The Base Salary, minus any Provincial, federal, state and local payroll taxes other withholding legally required or properly requested by be paid in accordance with normal practices Company.
Except as to the consent of United States Bankruptcy Court for Southern District New York in connection with Company’s chapter 11 case (as further described Registration Statement) and filings which may be required under applicable state securities regulations, no consent, authorization, approval, order, license, certificate, or permit from, declaration filing with, any federal, state, local, other governmental authority court tribunal is by Company transactions contemplated hereby. No party Contract a party, its properties assets bound, execution, delivery, performance Agreement.
No modification or waiver of the provisions this Agreement will be effective against either party unless given in writing signed by an authorized representative Company and Executive. In the case of Executive’s Disability prior to termination Service, RSUs shall vest in full (if Minimum Performance Condition is satisfied) as later (i) Determination Date, or (ii) date Disability.
The Executive shall be entitled to participate in all group insurance, vacation, retirement and other employee benefits established by Company for its full time employees generally, on terms comparable those provided such from the Company. Nothing this Agreement will preclude terminating or amending any benefit plan so as change eligibility requirements eliminate, reduce otherwise benefit, that termination amendment applies equally of
THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF STATE NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 5-1402 GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHER CONFLICTS PROVISIONS THEREOF). This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall an original, but all together constitute one instrument. Execution and delivery this by exchange facsimile copies bearing the signature a Party valid binding execution such Party.
No income tax or payroll of any kind shall be withheld paid by the Company on behalf Consultant for payment under this Agreement. The agrees to responsible all taxes and similar payments arising out Consultant’s activities contemplated Agreement, including, without limitation, federal, state, local tax, social security (FICA), self-employment taxes, unemployment insurance other fees, withholding. not obligated pay amounts hereunder until provide federal identification number necessary information required comply with applicable laws.
On the Effective Date, there shall be no actions, suits or proceedings pending threatened (a) with respect to this Agreement any other Credit Document, (b) which has had, could reasonably expected have, either individually in aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 5.18 lists all insurance policies of any nature maintained, as the Closing Date, for current occurrences by each Credit Party, well a summary key business terms such policy deductibles, coverage limits and term policy.
EACH OF THE COMPANY AND TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY ALL RIGHT TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OR RELATING INDENTURE, AS SUPPLEMENTED SUPPLEMENTAL NOTES TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The Company considers the protection of its confidential information, proprietary materials and goodwill to be very important. Therefore, as a condition your employment, you became parties Confidentiality, Assignment Inventions Employment-At-Will Agreement for Consultants Employees commencement such agreement remains in full force effect.
Comply with all Applicable Laws, including ERISA, Environmental FLSA, OSHA, Anti-Terrorism PACA and laws regarding collection payment of Taxes, maintain Governmental Approvals necessary to the ownership its Properties or conduct business, unless failure comply (other than Laws) would have a Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting generality foregoing, (a) if any Release occurs at on Borrower Subsidiary, it shall act promptly diligently investigate report appropriate Authorities extent of, make remedial action eliminate, such Release, as required by (b) could reasonably be expected result in liabilities $250,000 more occur, Lender.
Any notice or certificate received by the Servicer delivered under Basic Servicing Agreement relating to 2016-A Reference Pool will be forwarded Indenture Trustee within five Business Days of delivery receipt thereof Servicer. The obligations of Borrower contained herein are performable at Lender’s offices in Dallas, Dallas County, Texas, and venue for any action connection therewith shall be Texas.
With respect to the Property, Seller, at its expense shall (i) obtain a preliminary title report or commitment (as applicable, “ Preliminary Report ”) from Escrow Agent (referred herein in such capacity as Title Company ”), together with legible copies of all recorded encumbrances and exceptions title. Buyer may, option expense, conduct UCC searches covering Seller Property (the Searches (ii) order an update existing survey Real any portion thereof by licensed surveyor registered professional engineer Survey ”).
The Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries is duly validly organized existing in good standing under the laws jurisdiction incorporation or formation authorized to do business all jurisdictions which such qualifications authorizations are necessary except where failure be so qualified could not reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Change. As Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, Credit Party’s type organization set forth on Schedule 4.1.
Each Borrower Party is solvent and will not be rendered insolvent by any Loan hereunder and, after giving effect to each such Loan, left with an unreasonably small amount of capital which engage in its business. does intend incur, nor believes that it has incurred, debts beyond ability pay as they mature. No contemplating the commencement insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or consolidation proceedings appointment a receiver, liquidator, conservator, trustee similar official respect Property assets.
During the Employment Term, Executive shall be entitled to vacation and other paid time off benefits in accordance with policies Garfield Heights, Ohio, taken at such times as chosen by Executive. The representations and warranties of the Seller contained in Section 3.02 other 2016-B Basic Documents will be true correct on Closing Date, have performed or prior to Date all obligations by under this Agreement Date.
On the terms and subject to satisfaction or waiver of conditions set forth in this Agreement, closing transactions contemplated by Agreement (the “ Closing ”) shall take place at offices Latham & W atkins LLP, 355 South Grand Avenue, Los Angeles, California, 5:00 a.m. Angeles time on date substantially simultaneously with occurrence Merger Closing, all conditi ons Article V , such other as Company Holders may agree writing. The which is occur referred herein Date ”. Immediately after cancel Preferred Shares.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of identical counterparts (including electronic signature and signatures transmitted by facsimile), or all which contain the fewer than parties but shall taken together as a single instrument. Each party hereto hereby acknowledges and agrees that except as expressly provided in this Amendment, nothing Amendment shall be construed a waiver of any provision the Note by hereto, nor it way affect validity of, or right to enforce provisions Note.
Borrowers and other Loan Parties shall execute deliver such additional documents take action as may be reasonably requested by Administrative Agent to effectuate the provisions purposes of this Amendment No. 1. By accepting the Resricted Stock Units, you agree to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and pay any all taxes associated vesting of Restricted receipt dividends and/or sale Shares acquired under Plan.
The terms of this Agreement and the easements granted herein shall be appurtenant to run with land, binding on all parties having or acquiring any right, title interest in such properties inure benefit each owner thereof, upon heirs, executors, administrators, successors assigns herein. Parties their entitled use enjoy This Note will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of State Nevada regardless that might otherwise govern under applicable principles conflict laws.
As of the Closing Date and on date any increase in Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.01(c) only, after giving effect Transactions (including each Loan Letter Credit) be consummated such date, Borrower, individually together with its Subsidiaries, is Solvent. All representations, warranties, covenants and agreements on the part of Borrower contained in Loan Documents shall survive termination this Agreement be effective until Obligations are paid performed full or longer as expressly provided herein.
Coach Legacy and Developer shall do such other further acts things, execute deliver instruments documents (not creating any obligations or imposing expense (except to a de minimis extent) in addition those otherwise created imposed by this Agreement), as either may reasonably request from time furtherance of effectuating the transactions contemplated Agreement.
Executive shall be employed by the Company in position of Vice President-Chief Medical Officer. have duties and responsibilities consistent with Officer such other assigned Company’s Chief perform faithfully diligently as are reasonable customary for Executive’s position, well reasonably assign from time to time. provide his services hereunder offices New York, or home, may hereafter direct approve.
No failure on the part of Secured Party or any its agents to exercise, and no course dealing with respect to, delay in exercising, right, power remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor single partial exercise by preclude other further thereof remedy. The remedies herein are cumulative not exclusive provided law.
This Guaranty shall be binding on, and inure to the benefit of, Guarantor, each Guaranteed Party their respective successors assigns; provided that Guarantor may not assign or transfer its rights obligations under this without prior written consent of Administrative Agent requiring any further Lender. Without limiting generality foregoing, assign, sell participations in otherwise Facility Documents accordance with terms thereof other person entity, entity then become vested all granted Parties otherwise.
This Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents (i) has been duly validly executed delivered by Party, (ii) constitutes, or will constitute, legal, valid binding obligations Party which is be a party thereto, enforceable against such in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may limited any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally general principles equity.
The Company and its Affiliates shall be entitled to require a cash payment (or other form of determined in accordance with Section 11.2 the Plan) by or on behalf Participant and/or deduct from compensation payable any sums required federal, state local tax law withheld respect grant, vesting RSUs Dividend Equivalents. have no obligation make under this Agreement RSU Equivalent issued herewith unless until such obligations been satisfied.
During the Employment Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in Company’s employee benefit plans, as amended from time time, effect (collectively “ Employee Benefits ”), on same basis those benefits are generally made available other senior executives of Company. Notices, consents and other communications provided for herein shall (except as otherwise expressly permitted herein) be in writing given Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement. Communications notices to Guarantor it at 3501 County Road 6 East, Elkhart, Indiana 46514, Attention: David Smith.
The Associate shall keep this Agreement and its terms confidential not disclose or discuss the same with anyone other than his attorney, accountant, spouse, if any. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Company Shareholders their respective heirs, successors permitted assigns. Directors are express third party beneficiaries provisions Sections 2.5 , in all cases terms conditions set forth herein.
Schedule 3.19 lists all insurance policies (by policy number, insurer, coverage period, amount, annual premium and type of policy) held by the Purchaser relating to or its business, properties, assets, directors, officers employees. All premiums due payable under such have been timely paid is otherwise in material compliance with terms policies. are full force effect, Knowledge Purchaser, there no threatened termination of, increase respect to, any There claims made Purchaser. The has reported insurers pending circumstances that would reasonably be expected result a claim, except where failure report claim not likely Material Adverse Effect on
Seller is not (i) an “employee benefit plan” (within the meaning of Section 3(3) Employee Retirement Income Security Act 1974, as amended (“ ERISA ”)) that subject to provisions Title 1 ERISA, (ii) a “plan” prohibited transaction 4975 Internal Revenue Code 1986 (the “ ”) or (iii) entity whose assets are treated “plan assets” under by reason employee plan’s investment in such entity.
Each Group Member has filed or caused to be all Federal, state and other material income tax returns that are required paid taxes shown due payable on said any assessments made against it of its property taxes, fees charges imposed by Governmental Authority (other than the amount validity which currently being contested in good faith appropriate proceedings with respect reserves conformity GAAP have been provided books relevant Member); no Lien filed, and, knowledge Parent Borrower, claim is asserted, such tax, fee charge, except each case as could not reasonably expected a Material Adverse Effect.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, each of the parties to this Agreement shall pay its own costs and expenses incurred in connection with consummation transactions contemplated hereby. The proceeds from the purchase and sale of Note shall be used by Company for Acquisition payment related fees expenses, general working capital purposes.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (or by combining electronic and/or original signatures into one or more counterparts), all of which together shall constitute an agreement binding on parties hereto, notwithstanding that such are not signatories to the same counterpart. Electronic copies for purposes this and any enforcement hereof.
Without prior written consent of Employer, Employee agrees to keep the terms this Agreement (including fact and amount payments under Agreement) matters relating Employee’s resignation completely confidential, will not disclose any information concerning or its anyone other than spouse, legal counsel and/or financial advisors, who be informed bound by confidentiality clause. This provision is intended restrict from making disclosures as may required law process.
This Agreement, the Contribution Agreement and documents or instruments referred to herein therein, including any exhibits schedules attached hereto thereto, embody entire agreement understanding of parties in respect subject matter contained herein. There are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, covenants undertakings, other than those expressly set forth such agreements supersede all prior understandings among with matter.
All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans when the is determined by Prime shall be made on basis a year three hundred and sixty-five (365) or sixty-six (366) days, as case may be, actual days elapsed. other fees sixty (360) day elapsed (which results in more interest, applicable, being paid than if computed year). Interest accrue each Loan which not Loan, any portion thereof, such paid; provided that repaid same it shall, subject to Section 2.10(a), bear one (1) day. Each determination Administrative Agent an rate fee hereunder conclusive binding all purposes, absent manifest error.
(a) On each Payment Date, the Servicer and Seller will deposit into Collection Account aggregate Repurchase Price with respect to Repurchased Receivables purchased by pursuant Section 3.6 or Bank, as seller, 3.4 of Purchase Agreement, respectively, on such Date (or cause applicable purchaser deposit) all amounts, if any, be paid under 8.1 in connection Optional Purchase. All deposits a made, immediately available funds 3:00 p.m., New York City time, Business Day prior related Period.
This Note, the Security Agreements, Mortgages and other Loan Instruments to which any Maker is a party constitute valid legally binding obligations of each such Maker, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, subject applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting rights creditors generally general principles equity, whether asserted an action at law equity.
Pursuant to Company policy, and the extent not set forth in Compensation Schedule, shall reimburse Employee for all authorized travel other reasonable expenses incurred by her furtherance of Company’s business upon Employee’s presentation an itemized account expenditures. Executive’s annual salary will be $405,000 (the “ Base Salary ”), paid in accordance with the Company’s payroll practices as effect from time to time. The reviewed annually by Compensation Committee of Board ”).
Immediately after the consummation of Transactions to occur on Effective Date, (i) fair value assets Borrower, at a valuation, will exceed its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise; (ii) present saleable property Borrower be greater than amount that required pay probable liability other otherwise, as such liabilities become absolute matured; (iii) able (iv) not have unreasonably small capital with which conduct business in it is engaged now conducted proposed Date.
This Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the internal laws of State Delaware, excluding that body law relating to conflict choice law. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given in Lease. If there is any conflict between terms, conditions provisions of this Amendment Lease, prevail.
Each Borrower and Subsidiary owns or has the lawful right to use all Intellectual Property necessary for conduct of its business, without conflict with any rights others. There is no pending or, Borrower's knowledge, threatened Claim respect Borrower, their (including Property) that if resolved adversely such would have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed on Schedule 6.10 , pays owes Royalty other compensation Person Property.
VENDOR shall not disclose the fact of, terms or subject matter of this Agreement to any third party without prior written consent SANOFI other than as required by law, rule regulation. will use name logo its Affiliates in advertising promotions commercial materials SANOFI's consent. To extent has approved a particular disclosure, may reissue reuse contents such disclosure obtaining SANOFI’s for subsequent disclosure.
Any dispute or claim concerning any Stock Awards granted (or not granted) pursuant to the Plan disputes claims relating arising out of shall be fully, finally and exclusively resolved by binding confidential arbitration conducted rules Judicial Arbitration Mediation Services, Inc. (“JAMS”) in San Francisco. The Company pay all fees. In addition other relief, arbitrator may award prevailing party recovery its attorneys’ fees costs. By accepting a Award, Participants waive their respective rights have such tried judge jury.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement of parties hereto relating to subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements understandings between with respect hereof, there are no written or oral terms representations made by either party other than those herein. No amendment modification this shall be valid binding unless in writing duly executed against whom enforcement any such is sought making specific references Agreement. rights obligations hereunder governed laws State California, without regard its conflicts principles. may number counterparts (including facsimile electronic transmission), each which deemed an original together one same instrument.
Maintain in effect and enforce policies procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by the Loan Parties their respective directors, officers employees with (x) any OFAC Regulations Sanctions controls (y) FCPA, UK Bribery Act 2010, other similar anti-corruption legislation jurisdictions . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile copies signatures original for purposes this any enforcement hereof.
During the Employment Term, Company will pay or reimburse Executive for reasonable and necessary business expenses incurred by during Term in connection with Executive’s duties on behalf of accordance Company’s travel expense policy, as it may be amended from time to time, other applicable Polices, following submission reimbursement forms a form consistent such policies. The shall also entitled fees maintaining professional law license State New York any United States where relocate.
All non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disclosure and non-use, non-recruiting, intellectual property, Agreement disclosure obligations under paragraphs three (3) through seven (7) of this shall survive the voluntary or involuntary termination my employment for any reason with without cause, no dispute regarding other provisions prevent operation enforcement these obligations. This Warrant and all actions arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be governed by construed accordance the laws State Nevada, without regard to conflicts law provisions Nevada any other state.
John hereby acknowledges receipt by 180 of the Advances from Company and represents warrants that advances were utilized solely for bona fide business expenses (including, without limitation, its development Youlab Global brand wages, travel, software development, inventory etc., related thereto). The Administrative Agent shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to it, such additional certificates, documents other information as the reasonably request.
All notices and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered five days after deposit the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed (a) if Executive, Executive’s address as it appears records of Company, Continental Holdings, Inc., attention: Deputy General Counsel & Corporate Secretary, 233 South Wacker Drive, 11th Floor HDQLD, Chicago, IL 60606, (b) such either party furnished accordance herewith, except that change effective only upon receipt.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN RESPECT OF LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 7.10.
The Parties agree that these General Releases shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Commonwealth Massachusetts without regard to choice or conflict law principles. In event any provision contained shall, extent, deemed invalid, illegal unenforceable, remainder not affected thereby and each portion valid enforceable fullest extent permitted. Any modifications waiver terms set forth must writing signed by parties. These may executed separate counterparts (including means facsimile), which is an original all taken together constitute one same agreement. counterpart facsimile signature such original.
As of the first date stated above ( “ Effective Date ” ), Executive shall serve as Company ’ s President. The will employ President and agrees to work for Company, at its Wilmington, Massachusetts facility, perform duties responsibilities inherent in such position, other from time assign Executive. The Borrower shall use the proceeds of Term Loans as purchase money to finance acquisition Aircraft by Borrower. No part any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for purpose that would violate rule regulation Board Governors Federal Reserve System, including Regulations T, U X System.
Each Party shall each bear their own costs and legal fees associated with the negotiation preparation of this Agreement. Neither the failure on part of any Credit Party to exercise, nor delay in exercising right, power or remedy hereunder, course dealing between Party, one hand, and Grantor, other shall operate as a waiver thereof, single partial exercise such power, hereunder preclude further thereof remedy.
Except as otherwise provided in this Article, Purchaser agrees that Contractor shall be the owner of all inventions, technology, designs, works authorship, mask works, technical information, computer software, business information and other conceived, developed or generated performance Contract by on behalf Contractor. assigns to assign right, title, interest foregoing Contractor, including without limitation copyrights, patent rights, trade secret rights intellectual property further execute, at Contractor’s request expense, documentation necessary perfect title such materials Contractor; grants its assignees subsequent owners operators Vessel a limited use license pursuant terms set forth Article 10(c) above.
Each party agrees to indemnity and hold the other harmless from against any all loss, damage, claim, demand, liability or expense by reason of damage injury persons (including loss life) property which may arise become claimed have arisen as a result in connection with indemnifying party's (i) improvement, occupancy use Premises its site, (ii) failure conscientiously promptly perform obligations under this Lease.
Notice shall be given to each party at the address indicated in Securities Purchase Agreement or such other as provided writing. The “Effective Date” of the Plan, date as which Plan was established, is January 1, 1979. This restatement generally effective October 27, 2014 (unless otherwise noted) and incorporates all amendments adopted through 2014.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser constitutes a legal, valid binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance other similar laws general application affecting enforcement creditors’ rights generally principles equity. The taken all necessary corporate action to authorize execution, delivery performance this transactions contemplated hereby.
This Agreement and all proceedings or counterclaims (whether based in contract, tort otherwise) arising out of relating to this the transactions contemplated hereby, any action Party Five Star negotiation, administration, performance enforcement hereof, shall be governed by, construed accordance with, Laws State Maryland, without giving effect choice conflict laws provision rule Maryland other jurisdiction) that would cause application jurisdiction than Maryland.
By accepting this offer, you agree, effective as of the Effective Date, to confidentiality, noncompetition, and nonsolicitation provisions contained in “Terms Conditions Employment” attached Exhibit A , that are incorporated herein by reference. You also agree any all employment disputes occurring during or after your with Supervalu subject mandatory arbitration set forth Employment.” In addition, acknowledge Letter Agreement discussions correspondences led shall constitute “Confidential Information” for purposes Confidentiality Agreement, executed November 2015, between (unless such information is already publicly available through no fault own).
The execution and delivery of this Agreement the other documents agreements to be executed by Purchaser as contemplated hereunder, consummation transactions hereby or thereby, compliance with terms conditions hereof thereof will not (i) contravene any provision law which is subject statute, decree, rule, regulation, injunction, judgment, order, ruling, charge, restriction binding upon order permit applicable Purchaser; (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute default under, acceleration obligation create party right accelerate, terminate, modify cancel, require notice agreement, contract, lease, license, instrument, arrangement it bound.
The Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for any and all (i) reasonable relocation expenses incurred by him in connection with his the Company’s office Fort Lauderdale, Florida, including, but not limited to, travel temporary housing (ii) during Term performing services hereunder, accordance policies procedures then effect established Company its senior executive officers. Any that is paid as soon practicable event no later than last day of Executive’s tax year following which expense was incurred, affected other are eligible subject liquidation or exchange another benefit.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between parties and supersedes all prior agreements understandings, both written oral, with respect to subject matter hereto, no party shall be liable or bound any other in manner by warranties, representations, guarantees covenants except as specifically set forth this Agreement. Purchaser acknowledges agrees that it did not rely upon statements information, whether oral written, provided Company, of its officers, directors, employees, agents representatives, deciding enter into purchase Shares. Nothing Agreement, express implied, is intended confer person than hereto their respective successors assigns rights, remedies, obligations liabilities under reason expressly
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements understandings, both written oral, such hereof. This Amendment is subject to the general provisions set forth in Loan Agreement, including but not limited Sections 15.14, 15.15, and 15.16. There shall not exist any pending litigation or investigation affecting relating to (i) Credit Party of its Subsidiaries that in the reasonable judgment Administrative Agent and Lenders could materially adversely affect Subsidiaries, this Agreement other Documents, has been settled, dismissed, vacated, discharged terminated prior Closing Date (ii) Agreement, Date.
In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Grantor Joinder Agreement should be held invalid, illegal unenforceable respect, none parties hereto shall required to comply with such provision for so long as is unenforceable, but validity, legality and enforceability remaining herein ABL Intercreditor not way affected impaired. The endeavor good-faith negotiations replace valid economic effect which comes close possible that provisions.
The headings in this Agreement are solely for convenience or reference and shall be given no effect the construction interpretation of Agreement. Headings of the sections this Agreement and schedules are for convenience Parties only shall be given no substantive or interpretative effect whatsoever. The execution, delivery and performance of this Subscription Agreement the other Sale Documents by Company consummation transactions contemplated hereby thereby have been duly authorized Board Directors Company.
Any notice required by the terms of this Award Agreement shall be given in writing and deemed to effective upon personal delivery or deposit with U.S. Postal Service, registered certified mail, postage fees prepaid. Notice addressed Company at its principal executive office Participant address that he she most recently provided Company.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under in accordance with the laws of state Colorado, without giving effect to any choice or conflict law provision rule (whether Colorado other jurisdiction) that would cause application jurisdiction than Colorado. The provisions of this Award and the Plan are intended to be severable, any illegal or invalid term shall not affect validity legality remaining terms.
Termination or expiration of this Agreement will not relieve either Party any liability which accrued hereunder prior to the effective date such termination, nor preclude from pursuing all rights and remedies it may have at law in equity with respect breach Agreement, prejudice Party’s right obtain performance obligation arising hereunder. Section 1.1 (Definitions), 4.5 (Financial Records), Article 6 Terms), 7 (Confidentiality), 8.1 (Assignment License Back Data), 9 (Intellectual Property), 15 (Termination), 16 (Warranties Disclaimers), 17 (Indemnification, Liability Insurance) 18 (Miscellaneous) shall survive termination Agreement. In addition, other provisions by their nature are understood so survive.
Landlord hereby warrants to Tenant that, other than CBRE, no real estate broker has or will represent in this transaction. that Newmark Grubb Knight Frank and Avison Young (collectively together with the “ Brokers ”) shall indemnify each against hold harmless from all liabilities, claims, expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of breach their respective warranty. compensate pursuant separate agreements between Brokers.
This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Borrower, other Borrower Parties, each member Lender Group their respective successors assigns; provided, that entitled delegate any its duties hereunder or assign rights remedies set forth in this without prior written consent Administrative Agent sole discretion. No Person than Parties and, case Section 6 hereof, Releasees, have rely on all third-party beneficiary (other Releasees under hereof) are hereby expressly disclaimed.
This section of the Agreement is a release legal claims. Please carefully review this with your attorney and do not sign document unless you understand what says. Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, each Party shall pay its own expenses incident to Agreement or the other Transaction Documents and all action taken preparation for effecting provisions of Documents.
I agree that following the Effective Date, will provide reasonable assistance to and cooperate with Company its affiliates as any claims, controversies, disputes, or complaints of which have knowledge may relate me my employment other relationships affiliates. Such cooperation includes but is not limited providing all information known related foregoing, meeting counsel, appearing giving testimony in forum. reimburse for out-of-pocket expenses incurred by under this Agreement.
Unless otherwise specified, references in this Agreement to any Section or clause refer such as contained Agreement. The words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder” other of similar import a whole, not particular Wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term stated either singular plural shall include plural, pronouns masculine, feminine neuter gender genders. “including,” “includes” “include” be deemed followed by “without limitation”.
EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY AND ALL RIGHT A TRIAL JURY IN DIRECT OR INDIRECT ACTION, PROCEEDING COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT RELATING TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. PARTY ( ) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY OTHER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER, B MAKES WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, C ACKNOWLEDGES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CONTAINED SECTION 5.15 .
The parties to this Agreement: (i) shall not, without obtaining a written confirmation of the then-current rating Notes each Conduit Purchaser by Rating Agencies, waive any representations set forth in Exhibit VI ; (ii) provide Agencies with prompt notice breach , and (iii) (as determined after adjustment or withdrawal ratings following such breach) .
As of the RSA effective date, Mr. Hartman’s base salary will be reduced to $250,000 per annum. Brooks and Ms. Snyder continue receiving their current annualized salaries $385,000 $335,000, respectively. The Company provide Hartman with market relocation assistance respect his move Houston metropolitan area. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of, be enforceable by, Parties express third party beneficiaries of this their respective successors permitted assigns.
The Borrowers have furnished to each Lender (i) the audited con-solidated balance sheet of and their Subsidiaries as December 31, 2015, related consolidated statements income, shareholders’ equity cash flows for Fiscal Year then ended, prepared by Grant Thornton LLP (ii) unaudited March 2016, in-come Quarter year-to-date period certified a Responsible Officer. Such financial fairly present in all material respects condition such dates results op-erations periods conformity with GAAP consistently applied, subject year-end audit adjustments absence footnotes case referred clause (ii). Since there been no changes respect which had or could reasonably be expected have, either individually aggregate, Material Adverse Effect.
None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other written information furnished by on behalf any Loan Party to Administrative Agent Lender in connection with negotiation Document delivered thereunder (as modified supplemented so furnished) when taken as a whole contains material misstatement fact omits state necessary make statements therein, light circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, respect projected information, Borrower represents only that such was prepared good faith based upon assumptions believed be reasonable at time and, if prior Closing Date, it being understood may vary from actual results and variations could material.
This Agreement is issued, and the Options are granted, in Rye Brook, New York will be governed construed accordance with laws of State York, excluding any conflicts or choice law rule principle that might otherwise refer construction interpretation this to substantive another jurisdiction. Each Person executing this Agreement represents and warrants that he or she has authority to execute as a binding contract of the Party for whom is signing.
This document constitutes the entire agreement between Parties regarding matters described herein. Agreement supersedes any prior agreements or representations of them, except that Section 2.5 and 8.9 Employment Agreement, Proprietary Rights Short previously executed, Parties’ Indemnification (with exception noted in 3.1 above), Equity Instruments will continue full force effect according to their terms. There are no representations, agreements, arrangements, understandings, oral written, relating subject matter this not fully expressed The agree extrinsic evidence may be introduced vary terms hereof judicial proceeding involving Agreement.
The provisions of this Section 7 shall apply during the Term Employment. No Default or Event of has occurred and is continuing after giving effect to this Agreement would result from the execution delivery consummation transactions contemplated hereby. The Company shall provide to the Executive all indemnification-related protections and benefits provided senior executives of Company.
THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT EACH HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, AND AGREES CAUSE ITS AFFILIATES WAIVE, FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT TRIAL JURY OF CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR (a) ARISING UNDER (b) IN WAY CONNECTED WITH RELATED INCIDENTAL DEALINGS HERETO RESPECT OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT TRANSACTIONS THERETO, CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING HEREAFTER ARISING, CONTRACT, TORT, EQUITY OTHERWISE. CONSENTS THAT SUCH SHALL BE DECIDED COURT WITHOUT A MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART COPY AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE CONSENT WAIVER THEIR JURY.
Notices hereunder must be in writing, delivered personally or sent by registered certified U.S. mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. to the Company addressed CommScope Holding Company, Inc., 1100 Place, SE, Hickory, North Carolina 28602, Attn: Corporate Secretary, any other address designated a written notice Grantee. Grantee will directed of then currently on file with at given Company.
In the event of Executive's death during employment hereunder, shall terminate on date his without further liability part Employer under this Agreement. This Agreement and the documents executed pursuant hereto supersede all negotiations, agreements understandings among Parties with respect to subject matter hereof (except for Confidentiality Agreement, which agree will terminate its terms or be caused terminated as of Closing) constitute entire agreement thereto.
(i) At any time prior to the expiration of Inspection Period, in event that Buyers determine, their sole discretion, due diligence review Assets and Accounts Receivable are not satisfactory Buyers, shall have right terminate this Agreement upon notice Seller, at which point all Buyers’ obligations hereunder cease. The Company has all necessary power and authority to enter into, be bound by the terms of, this Letter Agreement, execution, delivery performance of undertakings contemplated Agreement have been duly authorized Company.
Schedule 4.7 sets forth a list, as of the Closing Date, all Subsidiaries Borrower and, to each such Subsidiary, percentage ownership (direct and indirect) direct owner thereof. Except for interests expressly indicated on , there are no interests, warrants, rights, options or other equity securities, Capital Stock any Subsidiary outstanding reserved purpose. All duly validly issued, fully paid nonassessable.
The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid, reasonable expenses for which invoices been presented (including of legal counsel), on or before Closing Date (ii) each Departing Lender payment in full “Obligations” under Prior Credit Agreement that are owing it (other than obligations pay with respect Borrower has not an invoice, contingent indemnity other “Loan Documents” as defined Agreement).
This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, both of which shall deemed an original, but which, taken together constitute the same instrument. A signature made on a faxed or electronically mailed copy transmitted by facsimile electronic mail have effect as original signature. The section headings used this are intended solely for convenience reference and not any manner amplify, limit, modify otherwise interpretation provisions hereof. binding upon inure to benefit parties their respective personal representatives, agents, attorneys, executors, administrators, heirs, successors assigns.
This Amendment shall be effective as of the date first written above; provided that on or before such Administrative Agent have received (i) copies this duly executed by Borrower, and Required Lenders (ii) Agent’s its affiliates’ fees expenses (including counsel for Agent) in connection with Amendment. The representations and warranties made in this Agreement will not survive the Plan Effective Date. Covenants agreements that by their terms are to be satisfied after Date shall until accordance with terms.
The parties hereto acknowledge that money damages would not be an adequate remedy at law if any party fails to perform in material respect of its obligations hereunder and accordingly agree each party, addition other which it may entitled law, equity or, after the Closing, as provided this Agreement, shall seek compel specific performance under Agreement appropriate injunctive relief applied for granted connection therewith, case, without posting bond, accordance with terms conditions court United States or state thereof having jurisdiction, action should brought enforce provisions none raise defense there is law. No permitted exclusive Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything in any Loan Document to the contrary, for purposes of this Section 4.4(f), each notice or other communication required be delivered otherwise provided Administrative Agent (or its delegate) shall deemed have been given upon Agent’s delegate’s) actual receipt during normal business hours such communication; that actually received outside as opening on next Business Day.
Without regard to principles of conflicts law, this Agreement, and all claims causes action (whether in contract or tort) that may be based upon, arise out relate Agreement the negotiation, execution performance (including any claim cause arising related representation warranty made connection with as an inducement enter into Agreement) shall construed enforced accordance governed by laws State Texas applicable contracts performed entirely within such state United States America. EACH PARTY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN RESPECT OF ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT RELATING THIS AGREEMENT.
Upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent in Section 3.1 , this Third Amendment shall be effective as December 12, 2016. Purchaser shall pay the cost of premium for Title Policy and any Survey prepared by Purchaser. This Release shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of State New York applicable to contracts made performed solely within such State.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, from time after Closing, Company each Purchaser agree cooperate with one another, at request or Purchaser, as applicable, execute deliver any further instruments documents take all such action other party may reasonably in order evidence effectuate consummation Contemplated Transactions otherwise carry out intent parties hereunder.
References in the singular shall include plural, and vice versa, unless context otherwise requires. masculine feminine neuter, Headings this Agreement are for convenience of reference only not limit or affect meanings provisions hereof. Neither party, nor its respective counsel, be deemed drafter purposes construing Agreement, all language parts construed accordance with fair meaning, strictly against either party.
Article and Section headings the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience reference only, not part this Agreement shall affect construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting Agreement. This Agreement together with the other Credit Documents and Security represents entire agreement of each Grantors Secured Parties respect to subject matter hereof there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by any Grantor, Collateral Agent Party relative not expressly set forth referred herein in Documents.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Administrative Agent an Assignment Acceptance, together with a processing recordation fee in amount of $3,500; provided , however that may, its sole discretion, elect waive such case any assignment; documents, certificates or evidence required be delivered under §4.3.3. assignee, if it is not Lender, Questionnaire.
In the event that any one or more of provisions contained in this Agreement other instrument referred to herein shall, for reason, be held invalid, illegal unenforceable respect, then maximum extent permitted by law, such invalidity, illegality unenforceability shall not affect provision instrument. During the Advisory Period you shall receive a monthly payment equal to quotient of (i) one (1) times greater (I) sum your Base Salary and Target Bonus as in effect immediately prior execution Employment Agreement (II) Separation divided by (ii) twelve (12).
Each of the Borrower and Significant Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its material properties assets, except for defects in that do not materially interfere with ability to conduct business as currently conducted utilize such assets their intended purposes would reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect, none property is subject any Lien permitted by Section 6.2 .
In the event of any Dispute, Parties will first attempt to resolve such Dispute by referring it senior management and Transporter (if applicable) for resolution. If has not been resolved within fifteen (15) Days after referral applicable), then (other than a submitted an Expert under Section 22.2.1) shall be exclusively definitively through final binding arbitration, being intention that this is broad form arbitration agreement designed encompass all possible Disputes Agreement.
The Bank shall have received the Borrower’s request for such Revolving Loan as required under Section 2.2. Each provision and agreement herein shall be treated as separate independent from any other or enforceable notwithstanding the unenforceability of such agreement. In case in obligation under this Agreement PMH Document invalid, illegal unenforceable jurisdiction, validity, legality enforceability remaining provisions obligations, not way affected impaired thereby.
All provisions of this Mortgage shall be governed by the laws State Florida. Governing Law . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents, unless expressly set forth therein, shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, law of State New York (including Section 5-1401 5-1402 General Obligations York), without reference to conflicts principles thereof.
For the avoidance of doubt, Borrowers shall indemnify all applicable Lenders for breakage costs incurred in connection with Specified Prepayment and Commitment Reduction accordance Section 2.13 Existing Credit Agreement. Each Plan to which any Seller, Guarantor or its Subsidiaries make direct contributions, and, the knowledge of each other and Multiemployer Plan, is in compliance all material respects with, has been administered applicable provisions ERISA, Code Federal State law.
There is no pending Proceeding against the Shareholder that involves Shares or challenges, may have effect of preventing, delaying making illegal, otherwise interfering with, any transactions contemplated by this Agreement and, to knowledge Shareholder, such has been threatened, and event circumstance exists reasonably likely give rise serve as a basis for commencement Proceeding.
The proceeds of the Loans will be used as set forth in Section 3.13 . No Borrower request any Borrowing or Letter Credit, and no shall use, each procure that its Subsidiaries not Credit (A) for payments to Person violation Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) purpose funding, financing facilitating activities, business transaction with Sanctioned Country Sanctions, (C) other manner would result Sanctions applicable party hereto.
The terms and conditions (including, without limitation, the exercise period of Stock Appreciation Right, vesting schedule applicable thereto impact any termination service on Participant’s rights with respect to Right) (i) Rights granted in tandem an Option shall be substantially identical (to extent possible taking into account differences related character Options (ii) freestanding that would have been under Section 6 above were grant a Option. In no event term Right exceed ten years from date grant.
The Company shall reimburse the Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred by (in accordance with policies and procedures in effect senior executives of Company) connection Executive’s services under this Agreement. account to established Company. The Parties shall with reasonable diligence do all things and provide assurances as may be required to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, each Party such further documents or instruments any other reasonably necessary desirable effect purpose of Agreement carry out its provisions, whether before after Closing.
In the event of any termination this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.1 , there shall be no further liability or obligation hereunder on part party hereto with respect which is terminated; provided however that covenants set forth in 2.1(e) 3.1(a)(i) and 3.2 survive until Termination (as defined SPV LPA) Investor LPA; nothing contained (including 5.2 ) relieve from for Willful Breach covenant agreement Agreement, each case, occurred prior such termination.
The term of Executive’s employment with the Company shall commence on consummation spin-off from HCP, Inc. (“ HCP ”) (such spin-off, “ Spin ” and such date, Effective Date continue until including fourth (4th) anniversary unless earlier terminated as provided herein (the Term ”). Notwithstanding anything to contrary, this Agreement automatically terminate without any action part person be void ab initio if is not consummated neither nor other have liability Executive under consummated.
All notices hereunder will be in writing and sent by certified mail, hand delivery, overnight delivery or fax, if to Rodman, at the address set forth on first page hereof, e-mail: notices@rodm.com, Attention: Head of Investment Banking, Company, email: jmcgorry@biostage.com tmcnaughton@biostage.com, Chief Executive Officer. Notices mail shall deemed received five days thereafter, date relevant written record receipt, delivered fax as time printed thereon machine.
The parties agree to cooperate fully and execute any all further documents take additional actions which may be necessary or appropriate give full force effect the basic terms intent of this Agreement. THIS AMENDMENT NO. 5 SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF STATE NEW YORK.
Subject to the provisions of Section 8.2(a) , each Term Agent, Lenders, Credit Party and their Related Persons, is authorized (but not required) transmit, post or otherwise make communicate, in its sole discretion, Electronic Transmissions connection with any Loan Document transactions contemplated therein. Each Secured acknowledges agrees that use necessarily secure there are risks associated such use, including interception, disclosure abuse indicates it assumes accepts by hereby authorizing transmission Transmissions.
Each of the Borrower and each Subsidiary has good record marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary used ordinary conduct its business, except to extent that failure have such interest could not, individually aggregate, reasonably be expected a Material Adverse Effect . The Subsidiaries is subject no material Liens, other than Permitted Liens.
Without limiting anything in this Section 2 , CAC will, and will cause its controlled subsidiaries to, use commercially reasonable efforts continue to cooperate with the Company other parties implementation of Restructuring, including providing, making available and/or providing access premises, properties, businesses, operations, books records information that is reasonably requested connection implementing Restructuring (subject existing confidentiality obligations among various parties, attorney/client privileges immunities customary limitations appropriate under circumstances) responding timely, causing applicable personnel (including CES personnel) respond such requests.
This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties and their respective permitted assigns. The Loan and Security Agreement any all other documents executed in connection with the Agreement, including, without limitation, Amendments thereto, shall hereinafter be collectively referred to as “Loan Documents”. Capitalized terms used herein recitals hereto, but not defined or therein, have meaning given them Documents.
Each of the parties hereto agrees that damages at law are an inadequate remedy for any breach this Agreement and that, in event by a party, Company, Manager other shall be, to fullest extent permitted law, entitled obtain decree or decrees specific performance entitling it them seek temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, permanent injunction specifically enforce require such breaching party terms provisions Agreement. Nothing contained Section 10.7 be deemed waiver claim defense action brought under 10.7, except as set forth herein with respect entitlement performance.
The Executive shall be responsible for the payment of any and all required federal, state, local foreign taxes incurred, or to in connection with amounts payable under this Agreement. Notwithstanding other provision Agreement, Company Group may withhold from Agreement taxes, including without limitation applicable employment that are withheld by laws regulations.
The insurance policies held by Parent (collectively, the “ Insurance Policies ”) are of type and in amounts customarily carried Persons conducting a business similar to Company sufficient for compliance with all applicable Laws contracts which or is party it bound. There no claims related Business pending under any as coverage has been questioned, denied disputed respect there an outstanding reservation rights. None its Affiliates default under, otherwise failed comply with, material respect, provision such Policy.
In calculating the threshold set forth in Sections 7.2(b)(i) and amounts otherwise payable to an Indemnified Party, amount of any indemnified Losses shall be computed net (i) payments actually recovered by Party under insurance policy with respect such (after giving effect applicable deductible or retention out pocket costs incurred connection therewith), (ii) from other Person therewith). event recovery third party relating indemnification payment is received after Indemnifying Agent, as case may be, has made this Agreement that did not take into account recovery, promptly pay equal lesser related payment. Each use commercially reasonable efforts mitigate for which it entitled hereunder.
The provisions of this Article II shall terminate with respect to all entities other than the Company immediately prior consummation an initial Public Offering or Qualified Merger. This document incorporates into one all of the provisions Plan, as amended and in effect August 1, 2016. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed the Buyer and Seller. By writing, Buyer, on one hand, or Seller, other waive compliance with any term provision of this that such party was is obligated to comply perform.
This Agreement and each other Document constitute the legal, valid binding obligations of Purchaser Collateral Agent, enforceable against or Agent as case may be in accordance with their respective terms, except enforceability limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, similar laws affecting enforcement creditors’ rights generally equitable principles relating to enforceability. Buyer is hereby directed to withhold from the proceeds allocable sale and delivery of crude oil hereunder amount severance taxes.
The Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries each have good valid title to, or leasehold interest in, all material Property owned by it, such assets are subject to no Liens other than Permitted Encumbrances permitted under Section 8.03. of record marketable interests its leased Mortgaged Real Property. Except as would not reasonably be expected a Material Adverse Effect, neither business nor properties any Loan Party is affected Force Majeure Event.
If Guarantor fails to timely perform its obligations under this Guaranty, Lender may from time time, and without first requiring performance by Borrower or exhausting any all security for the Loan, bring action at law in equity both compel hereunder, collect such compensation documented Losses Liabilities actually sustained incurred failure of obligations, together with interest thereon highest rate then applicable Principal Amount Loan as set forth Note Agreement.
The representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 hereof shall be true correct on such date all respects. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which constitutes an original, but all which, taken together, constitute the same instrument. Upon payment in full of all outstanding Debenture and Fee Debentures purchased hereunder, together with other charges, fees costs due payable under this Agreement or any the Transaction Documents, Company shall have right to terminate upon written notice Buyer.
Nothing contained herein will confer upon the Executive right to be retained in service of Company or its subsidiaries, nor it interfere with subsidiaries discharge otherwise deal without regard existence this Agreement. This Agreement (which expressly includes Preamble), together those certain agreements referred herein, constitute sole and entire agreement Parties respect subject matter Agreement, supersedes all prior contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations warranties, both written oral, matter.
Mr. Schultz hereby covenants that at any time after his Retirement Date, or earlier Termination of employment with the Bank, he will cooperate Bank to extent reasonably necessary assist in transition responsibilities and litigation administrative proceedings involving matters which was involved during employment. The reimburse for reasonable expenses, if any, incurred providing such assistance.
GTHC and Avalon agree to indemnify, defend hold harmless each other from against any liability or expense arising out of claim asserted by third party for brokerage finder's fees agent's commissions, based on an allegation that the impliedly expressly engaged such claimant as a finder, broker agent, brought into negotiations between GTHC.
Upon Changes in Capitalization, Merger, Asset Sale, Dissolution or Liquidation . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Ohio applicable to contracts made performed entirely Ohio, without regard any law that would result application another jurisdiction. Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries own, or hold licenses in, otherwise has the rights to use, all material trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents, that are necessary conduct business as currently conducted.
Vendor is a non-reporting company and financials are unaudited. It condition of the release Purchase Price from escrow that financial statements be audited by auditors licensed PCAOB to ensure disclosure operating results for last two years under rules United States generally accepted accounting principles (“US GAAP”) or date incorporation Company whatever greater.
In the event that Closing shall not have occurred with respect to a Buyer on or before third (3rd) Business Day following date of this Agreement due Company’s such Buyer’s failure satisfy conditions set forth in Sections 6 and 7 above (and nonbreaching party’s waive unsatisfied condition(s)), party option terminate breaching at close business without liability any other party; provided , however if is terminated pursuant Section 9.k Company be obligated reimburse each Buyers (so long as party) for its reasonable expenses (including attorneys’ fees expenses) associated Closing.
Neither of the Credit Parties are in material violation any term or default under its certificate articles incorporation bylaws other governing documents. judgment, decree order to best their knowledge, statute, ordinance, rule regulation applicable and business. Schedule 6.19 sets forth all United States federal andstate regulatory licenses foreign which Parties’ necessary conduct respective businesses Parties, except as set on 6.19, such State state valid effect none have received notice proceedings relating revocation modification licenses.
Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or mailed U.S. registered certified mail, return receipt requested postage prepaid. Mailed notices Employee addressed at the home address that most recently communicated Company writing. In case of Company, its corporate headquarters, directed attention Secretary.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF STATE NEW YORK. SECTION 9.14 9.17 CREDIT ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO MUTATIS MUTANDIS APPLY HERETO. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed (both as to validity performance) enforced in accordance with the internal laws of State Florida applicable agreements made performed wholly within such jurisdiction, without regard principles conflicts law or where parties are located at time a dispute arises.
Company agrees to continue Employee’s medical benefits through October 31, 2016. This Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the substantive Laws of State New York, except for any that state would require application a different jurisdiction. This Amendment, together with the Employment Agreement (to extent not amended hereby), represents entire agreement of parties respect to subject matter hereof and shall supersede any all previous contracts, arrangements or understandings between parties.
Each of Borrower and Representative has been duly organized is validly existing in good standing under the laws state its formation, with requisite power authority, all rights, licenses, permits authorizations, governmental or otherwise, necessary to own properties transact business which it now engaged. qualified do each jurisdiction where required be so connection properties, operations. a Special Purpose Entity.
To the extent any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or enforceable with respect to Employee, it considered deleted herefrom Employee and remainder such unaffected continue in full force effect. In furtherance not limitation foregoing, should duration geographical of, business activities covered by, excess that which is valid under applicable law then construed cover only duration, are validly enforceably Employee. acknowledges uncertainty expressly stipulates given construction renders its provisions maximum (not exceeding expressed terms) possible laws.
The validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be subject to construed under the laws State Missouri, without regard principles conflicts law. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between parties regarding matters addressed herein, and fully supersedes any prior agreements or understandings such parties. The Purchaser represents and warrants to the Company that statements contained in this Section 4 are true correct as of date Agreement Initial Closing Subsequent Closing.
Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, acquisition performance servicing responsibilities by Servicer, transactions contemplated hereby, nor fulfillment or compliance with terms conditions will conflict result in a breach any terms, provisions Servicer’s charter by-laws legal restriction agreement instrument to which Servicer is now party it bound, constitute default an acceleration under foregoing, unless such could not be expected have Material Adverse Effect respect materially impair interfere ability service Loans, aggregate value, collectability Loans.
For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in Agreement shall be writing deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally, by overnight courier service , or mailed registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed respective addresses sent via facsimile numbers, as case may be, set forth below, such address either party furnished accordance herewith, except that notice change effective only upon receipt; provided, however, (i) personal delivery when delivered; (ii) transmission sender ’ s confirmation complete transmission; (iii) mail two (2) days after date deposit .
If any term of provision this Agreement is determined to be illegal, unenforceable or invalid in whole part for reason, such provisions party thereof shall stricken from Agreement, and not affect the legality, enforceability validity remainder Agreement. accordance with Section 10.9 , then replaced, extent possible, a legal, enforceable valid that as similar tenor legally possible.
Except as provided in this Agreement, shares of Restricted Stock are not transferable and subject to a substantial risk forfeiture until vested set forth Section 2(b). The Grantee’s interest the shall become nonforfeitable vesting dates 2(b) (each, “Vesting Date”), Grantee is an employee Company or affiliate on Vesting Date has been throughout period beginning Effective ending applicable Date.
The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain entire understanding of parties respect to subject matter hereof thereof supersede all prior agreements understandings (including without limitation that certain Securities Purchase Agreement between Company Purchasers dated as May 11 , 2016) oral or written, such matters, which acknowledge have been merged into documents, schedules. At after applicable Closing, further consideration, will execute deliver documents may be reasonably requested in order give practical effect intention under Documents.
The Company shall withhold the amount of any federal, state, local or other tax, charge assessment attributable to grant Award lapse restrictions under as it may deem necessary appropriate, in its sole discretion. This Joinder Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original but all when taken together one contract. Delivery signature page to this by facsimile transmission email as a “.pdf” “.tif” attachment effective delivery manually signed counterpart Joinder.
The Parties agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other Party shall reimburse for, from against each claim, loss, liability, cost expense (including, without limitation, interest, penalties, costs of preparation investigation, reasonable fees, disbursements expenses attorneys, accountants professional advisors), directly or indirectly relating to, resulting arising out of: (a) Any untrue representation, misrepresentation, breach warranty non-fulfilment any covenant, undertaking, agreement obligation by party contained herein; (b) acts omissions Party; (c) losses incidental foregoing. Furthermore, Seller agrees that, extent liability claims becomes known after Effective Date such allegedly accrued prior Date, Buyer under this section in manner proscribed herein.
Neither the Company, Guarantor nor any of their Subsidiaries is in violation or default on term its certificate incorporation bylaws, other charter documents, as each effect date hereof (collectively, “ Charter Documents ”), provision material mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, rule regulation restriction to which such Subsidiary a party by it bound Law applicable Subsidiary. Each (A) execution, delivery and performance Company Loan Documents, (B) compliance herewith therewith, (C) issuance this Note, (D) consummation transactions contemplated hereby, case foregoing clauses through (D), will not result breach terms of, constitute under, (i) Subsidiaries, (ii) (iii) they are bound.
The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute deliver this Agreement each of other Transaction Documents which it is a party consummate transactions contemplated hereby thereby. board directors duly approved all authorized execution delivery consummation This have been executed delivered by constitute valid binding agreements Company, enforceable against in accordance with their terms.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original but all together constitute one and the same agreement. Each Party shall take, or cause to be taken, any and all reasonable actions, including the execution, acknowledgment, filing delivery of documents instruments that other may reasonably request in order effect intent purpose this Transition Services Agreement transactions contemplated hereby.
No failure or delay by either Party in exercising any right, power, privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor single partial exercise thereof preclude other further such exercise. of term condition this Agreement be deemed to subsequent breach of, noncompliance with, condition. All waivers must writing and signed the sought bound thereby.
The PRSUs are intended to align your long-term interests with the of Company. If you engage in certain activities discussed below, either during employment Company or after such terminates for any reason, may terminate outstanding, unexpired unpaid (“Termination”), rescind payment delivery pursuant (“Rescission”) recapture cash Common Stock proceeds from sale acquired (“Recapture”), as more fully described below and extent permitted by applicable law. For purposes this Section 27, Competitive Organization Business is defined those corporations, institutions, individuals, other entities identified competitive working become Company’s most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K.
The Company and Parent shall be entitled to withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement federal, state, local or foreign withholding other taxes charges which the is required withhold. THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF STATE NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CONFLICTS LAW RULE OR PRINCIPLE THAT MIGHT RESULT APPLICATION ANOTHER JURISDICTION.
The Company shall use the net proceeds from sale of Securities hereunder as set forth on Schedule 4.9 and, other than expressly such schedule, for working capital purposes and not proceeds: (a) satisfaction any portion Company’s debt (other payment trade payables in ordinary course business prior practices), (b) redemption Common Stock or Equivalents, (c) settlement outstanding litigation (d) violation FCPA OFAC regulations.
Company covenants and agrees that in the event this Note is secured by Collateral, shall timely execute any all documents necessary or advisable order to release such security interest Collateral Investor, Investor’s designee, upon earlier of (i) date paid full (ii) six (6) months three (3) days following given as for Note, later determined sole discretion Investor (the “ Release Date ”). For avoidance doubt, hereof, there no collateral securing after Date, applicable, be .
This Agreement, and the other documents agreements referred to herein or entered into concurrently herewith embody entire agreement understanding of parties hereto in respect subject matter contained herein; provided that such shall not be deemed a part of, modification an amendment this Agreement. There are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, covenants undertakings, than those expressly set forth herein. Agreement supersedes all prior understandings between with matter. Notwithstanding any provision wherever conflict exists Securityholders provisions control, but solely extent conflict. For avoidance doubt, Preferred Unitholders acknowledge agree that, effective as effectiveness Unpaid Return (as defined Prior Agreement) is $0.
KeyBank and Subservicer each further agrees, at its own cost, without expense to the other party, do, execute, acknowledge, deliver all every such agreements, instruments, acts, deeds, conveyances, financing statements, assignments, notices of transfers, assurances as are required from time for carrying out intention facilitating performance terms Subservicing Agreement this Amendment.
The Company is insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks in amounts as are customary the businesses which engaged, including, but not limited to, directors officers insurance coverage. has no reason to believe that it will be able renew its existing coverage when expires or obtain similar from may necessary continue business without a significant increase cost.
The Company shall withhold from the Severance Benefit Payment all federal, state, city or other taxes and any withholding as may be required pursuant to law governmental regulation ruling at time payment is received. Executive is hereby employed as Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company. In his capacity Treasurer, shall have duties, responsibilities authority commensurate with such position be assigned to him by Company, will report directly
(a) PPG hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance, presentment, demand for performance, nonperformance, default, acceleration, protest or dishonor any other with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations this Guaranty requirement that Administrative Agent Lender protect, secure, perfect insure Lien property subject thereto exhaust right take action against Borrower Person collateral.
Employee understands that this Agreement shall be null and void if not executed by him delivered to the Company within twenty one (21) days of Separation Date. This will become effective on eighth (8th) day after signed Agreement, so long as it has been Parties revoked under terms section 6 above before date (the “Effective Date”).
Each Group Member owns, or is licensed to use, all Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted. Except such claims could not, individually in aggregate, reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect, no claim has been asserted and pending by any Person challenging questioning use validity effectiveness Property, nor does Borrower know valid basis claim. each not infringe on rights Person.
The Companies that are Loan Parties unconditionally and jointly severally agree upon demand to pay the Administrative Agent Lenders amount of any all reasonable out-of-pocket costs, expenses disbursements, including fees counsel (including allocated costs staff counsel) for which reimbursement is customarily obtained, or may incur in connection with (a) administration this Agreement, (b) exercise enforcement rights hereunder (c) failure by perform observe provisions hereof.
The rights and obligations of the Stockholder pursuant to this Agreeme nt are not assignable . Any attempted assignment such in violation Section 3 .4 will be null void. provisions Agreement binding upon inure benefit parties their respective successors. If any term or provision of the Loan Documents application it shall to extent be held by a court invalid and unenforceable, remainder , such other than which is not affected.
Each Holder, in addition to being entitled exercise all rights provided it herein, the Indenture or Purchase Agreement granted by law, including recovery of liquidated other damages, will be specific performance its under this Agreement. The Company and Guarantors agree that monetary damages would not adequate compensation for any loss incurred reason a breach them provisions hereby waive action defense remedy at law adequate.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, including electronic, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute and the same instrument. In event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission e-mail delivery a “.pdf” format data file, such create valid binding obligation Party executing (or on whose behalf executed) with force effect as if page were original thereof.
Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary has filed all federal other material Tax returns reports to be filed, paid Taxes, assessments, fees governmental charges, levied or imposed upon it its properties, income assets otherwise due payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for adequate reserves have been provided accordance with GAAP. There is no proposed assessment against any that would, if made, a Material Adverse Effect on the Parties, taken as whole.
The payments referenced herein, including the severance benefits set forth in Section 2, shall be subject to reduction for all amounts required or authorized withheld by law, applicable U.S. federal, state, and local withholding taxes. This Guaranty contains the entire agreement between Landlord and Guarantor with respect to subject matter hereof supersedes all prior writings oral agreements. may not be modified orally, but only by a writing signed both Landlord. Modifications include any waiver, change, discharge, modification or termination.
During the Interim Period and Transition Period, Executive will (i) receive his base salary as in effect on Effective Date (ii) participate Company’s retirement welfare benefit plans, perquisite programs, expense reimbursement vacation policies, such programs policies may be from time to (collectively, “ Plans ”). This Agreement shall be binding upon all successors and assigns of each the Parties to Agreement.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications (collectively, “ Notices ”) given pursuant to this Agreement shall be electronic or in writing, delivered by email personal service, courier, facsimile transmission United States first class, registered certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed the party at address set forth on signature page Agreement. Any Notice, than a Notice sent effective when received; prepaid return receipt requested, earlier of received fifth day following deposit mails. may from time change its for further hereunder giving notice manner prescribed Section. Notwithstanding foregoing, Company send information Paragraphs 2.1 2.2 via email.
The Executive agrees that, following termination of the Executive's employment for any reason, shall upon reasonable advance notice, and to extent it does not interfere with previously scheduled travel plans unreasonably other business activities or obligations, assist cooperate Company regard matter project in which was involved during employment, including litigation. compensate lost wages (or, if is then employed, provide compensation as determined by Compensation Committee) expenses associated such cooperation assistance.
Pledgor shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries, to make available Agent Lender, without expense or any such Person’s officers, employees agents books, the extent that Lender may deem them reasonably necessary prosecute defend third-party suit proceedings instituted by against with respect Collateral relating Subsidiaries. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, without reference to its conflict principles. Subject Section 12.3, Parties consent exclusive jurisdiction state federal courts York event that there is a dispute related this Agreement.
Terms not defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned thereto Appendix A to Sale and Servicing dated as of date hereof (as from time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified effect, “ ”) among Purchaser, seller, Honda Auto Receivables 2016-3 Owner Trust, Issuer, RPA Seller, Servicer Sponsor. This Release may be amended only upon a written agreement executed by the Bank and me.
This Guarantee and the other Credit Documents represent agreement of each Guarantor with respect to subject matter hereof there are no promises or representations by any Guarantor, Administrative Agent Lender relative not reflected herein in Documents. Each of the respective rights and obligations Parties hereunder will be deemed independent may enforced independently irrespective any other set forth herein. If provision this Release should held illegal or invalid, such illegality invalidity not affect in way provisions hereof, all which continue, nevertheless, full force effect.
As provided in the Credit Agreement, but without limiting any terms or provisions thereof, each Obligor agrees to pay on demand, upon presentation of a statement account, all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Agent connection with preparation, negotiation, execution this including limitation fees Agent’s legal counsel, regardless whether Waiver Date occurs accordance hereof.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.6, there is no litigation, suit, proceeding, action, claim, demand or investigation, at law in equity, pending threatened against affecting the Company before any court, agency, Government Authority arbitration tribunal, each case related to Purchased Assets Business. The has not received opinion legal advice writing effect that it exposed from a standpoint Liability To knowledge of Company, are facts would reasonably be expected result such claim investigation. subject default with respect notice, order, writ, injunction decree
The paragraph headings that appear in this Amendment are for purposes of convenience reference only and not any sense to be construed as modifying the substance paragraphs which they appear. The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received prior written notice from an Authorized Officer of Apache Additional Borrower becoming party to this Agreement at least five (5) Business Days the date selected for such become Agreement.
The Company shall reimburse the Executive for all expenses reasonably and actually incurred in accordance with policies which may be adopted from time to by Company. The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the or its counsel may reasonably request relating to organization, existence and, where applicable, good standing of Credit Parties, authorization Transactions any other legal matters this Agreement Transactions, all in form substance satisfactory counsel.
Each of the Company and Investor shall bear its own expenses in connection with preparation negotiation this Agreement. This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each which shall an original, with the same effect as if signatures thereto and hereto were upon instrument. become effective when Party have received a counterpart hereof by other Parties hereto. Counterparts delivered electronic transmission deemed to originally counterparts.
The Committee may make equitable and proportionate adjustments in the terms conditions of, criteria included in, this Award recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events (and shall for described Section 4.2 Plan) affecting Company financial statements changes applicable laws, regulations, accounting principles accordance with Plan whenever determines that such affect Shares. Any be effected a manner precludes material enlargement rights benefits under Award.
If one or more provisions of this Option Agreement are held to be unenforceable, the parties agree renegotiate such provision in good faith. In event that cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for provision, then (a) will excluded from Agreement, (b) balance interpreted as if were so (c) accordance with its terms.
The undersigned chief financial officer, accounting officer or other reasonably approved by Agent of Borrower (or the REIT) certifies in his her capacity as an REIT, applicable, and not individually, that is will be compliance with all covenants under Loan Documents after giving effect to making requested hereby no Default Event has occurred continuing.
On the Closing Date, upon terms and subject to conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with execution delivery of this Agreement by parties hereto, Company agrees sell, each Purchaser, severally not jointly, purchase, such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount as on signature page hereto executed Purchaser (an aggregate $500,000 in Notes). At Closing, shall deliver Company, via wire transfer or a certified check, immediately available funds equal its respective Note, determined pursuant Section 2.3(a), other items 2.3 deliverable at Closing. Upon satisfaction covenants Sections 2.4 for occur offices counsel location mutually agree.
A Participant shall deliver to the Administrative Committee all directions, orders, designations, notices or other communications on appropriate forms be furnished by Committee. The also receive directed Participants from Trustee and transmit them Participants. All elections which may made a under this Plan in time, manner form determined unless specific is set forth Plan.
From time to and without additional consideration, each party hereto shall execute deliver, or cause be executed delivered, such transfers, assignments, endorsements, proxies, consents other instruments, take further actions, as another may reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out furthering intent this Agreement. If any indemnification provided for in this Article IV is determined by arbitrator with authority to make such determination under or a Delaware federal state court be invalid, void unenforceable, the maximum extent permitted Law, Liability shall apportioned between Indemnitee and Indemnifying Party accordance .
The invalidity of any one or more the words, phrases1 sentences, clauses sections contained in this Agreement shall not affect enforceability remaining portions part thereof, all which are inserted conditionally on their being valid law, and event that phrases, be declared invalid, construed as if such invalid word phrase sentence clause clauses, section had been inserted. If is caused by length time size area, both, otherwise provision will considered to reduced a period area would cure invalidity.
No provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed waived, amended, supplemented or modified by any Party, unless such waiver, amendment, supplement modification is in writing and signed the authorized representative Party against whom sought to enforced; provided , however that Partnership Operating Company may not, without prior approval Conflicts Committee, agree amendment General Partner determines will adversely affect holders Common Units.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers recognized financial responsibility against such losses risks in amounts as management the believes to be reasonable customary businesses which engaged. To Company’s knowledge, since June 30, 2013 neither nor any Subsidiary has been refused insurance coverage sought or applied for Subsidiary, will unable renew existing when expires obtain similar from may necessary continue business at a cost that would not reasonably expected have Material Adverse Effect .
The Executive’s annual base salary is $485,100 , which subject to review and redetermination by the Board or Compensation Committee of (the “Compensation Committee”) from time time. in effect at any given referred herein as “Base Salary.” Base Salary will be payable a manner that consistent with Company’s usual payroll practices for senior executives.
All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be given in the manner prescribed Section 11.02 of Credit Agreement with respect Administrative Agent at its notice address therein and, Guarantor, care Weatherford International, LLC, as provided set forth Agreement, or such telecopy number may hereafter specify for purpose accordance provisions Agreement.
The Company will use the proceeds from sale of Common Stock hereunder for working capital and other general corporate purposes or, if different, in a manner consistent with application thereof described Registration Statement. not, to its knowledge, directly or indirectly, transaction, lend, contribute, facilitate otherwise make available such any person (i) fund activities business person, country territory, that, at time funding, is, whose government subject Sanctions Programs, (ii) that result violation Sanctions.
This Agreement is intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement, and are to be complete exclusive statement agreement understanding hereto in respect subject matter contained herein therein. There no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth referred therein, with registration rights granted Corporation Registrable Securities. supersedes all prior agreements understandings between such matter.
Borrower shall have delivered to Bank evidence of insurance coverage, in form, substance, amounts, covering risks and issued by companies satisfactory Bank, where reasonably required with lender loss payable endorsements favor Bank. acknowledges that such prior the date this Agreement is The term of the Loan shall begin on Effective Date and consist a thirty‑six (36) month interest only payment period ending July 31, 2019 (the “ Interest Only Period ”), followed by one hundred twenty (120) principal Maturity Amortization ”).
You and the COMPANY shall mutually agree to a date, time place at which you return property in your possession or control, including but not limited to, all paper records documents, access cards keys any facilities. Notwithstanding foregoing, parties acknowledge that there may be additional follow up work requested of after Termination Date require certain Equipment records, entitled retain same for ready assistance reasonable period, whereafter request same. For avoidance doubt, it is acknowledged own cell phone number associated with it, laptop monitors docking station such subject requirement this provision property.
The Employee’s RSUs shall vest only if both (i) the Employee satisfies service-based vesting requirements in subsections (b), (c), (d) or (e) below, as applicable, and (ii) Committee certifies that performance-based requirement subsection (f) below has been achieved. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (i) Company its successors assigns, (ii) Director, Director’s heirs, devisees, executors, administrators personal representatives.
Each Party agrees that irreparable damage would occur in the event any of provisions this Agreement were not performed accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached. that, breach threatened by other covenant obligation contained Agreement, non-breaching shall be entitled (in addition to remedy may available it whether law equity, including monetary damages) (a) a decree order performance enforce observance and such obligation, (b) an injunction restraining breach.
This Agreement embodies the entire and final agreement of parties on subject matter stated in this Agreement. No amendment or modification shall be valid binding upon Employer Executive unless made writing signed by all parties. All prior understandings agreements relating to are hereby expressly terminated. Company shall use the net proceeds from sale of Subordinated Notes for general corporate purposes.
Air Products or another member of the Group shall amend Defined Benefit Retirement Plans to provide that Versum Employees be vested in their accrued benefits under as Employee Transfer Date. IHS and the Borrowers, each other Loan Party (by its execution of Documents to which it is a party), Administrative Agent Lender acknowledges that them has had benefit legal counsel own choice been afforded an opportunity review with shall be construed as if jointly drafted by parties thereto.
All payments to be made Holder shall in the lawful money of United States America immediately available funds without setoff, counterclaim or deduction. Any payment received by and its registered assigns after 4:00 p.m. (Buffalo, New York time) on any day, will deemed have been next following Business Day. Notwithstanding foregoing, acknowledges that one more may this note as a setoff pursuant Section 10.02 (e) certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated date hereof among Company, other parties thereto.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made herein shall survive the execution delivery of Agreement Seller hereby waives benefit applicable statutes limitations with respect to any set forth herein. It not be a defense in action by Purchaser against arising out breach Seller's that knew or should have known existence related such warranties.
Sections 4, 5 and 6 of this Release Agreement shall be subject to enforcement pursuant the same procedures that apply a breach Paragraphs 4 or Employment (as further detailed in Paragraph 15 Agreement). Any other disputes concerning resolution Agreement. (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate.
Except as amended by the provisions of this letter agreement, terms and contained in Asset Purchase Agreement shall continue to govern rights obligations parties, all covenants remain full force effect stated therein. This agreement constitute entire supersede prior agreements understandings, both written oral, among parties with respect subject matter thereof hereof.
The Borrower and its Tax Affiliates have timely filed or caused to be all federal material state, local non-U.S. returns reports required been paid Taxes shown therein due (including interest penalties) has other Taxes, except (yyyy) that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted for which such Person set aside on books adequate reserves accordance with GAAP (zzzz) not yet delinquent. There is no tax assessment proposed writing, the knowledge of Borrower, matters forth Schedule 3.9, threatened, against could, if made, reasonably expected a Material Adverse Effect. party any sharing agreement.
(a) The amendments provided for herein shall become effective on the date (the “ First Amendment Effective Date ”) which Administrative Agent have executed a counterpart of this and received from Company, each other Loan Party Lenders constituting Supermajority either (i) signed behalf such party or (ii) evidence reasonably satisfactory to (which may include facsimile electronic transmission) that has Amendment.
Either party may terminate this Agreement for any reason by giving not less than ninety (90) days prior written notice. This Agreement may be executed in one or more duplicate counterparts and when signed by all of the parties shall constitute a single binding agreement. Delivery an counterpart to this facsimile transmission electronic (e.g., “.pdf”) as effective delivery manually original.
The Optionee agrees to make appropriate arrangements with the Company (or Parent or Subsidiary employing retaining ) for satisfaction of all Federal, state, local and foreign income employment tax withholding requirements applicable Option exercise. acknowledges that may refuse honor exercise deliver Shares if such amounts are not delivered at time
The Plan shall be construed, interpreted and the rights of parties determined in accordance with laws State Delaware (without regard to conflict law principles that would result application any other than Delaware). Upon the re quest of Administrative Agent, execute and/or deliver any additional agreements, documents and instruments, take such further actions as may be reasonably requested by Agent from time to time, carry out provisions purposes this Guaranty other Loan Documents.
The Grantors shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent its Affiliates (including fees, charges disbursements of counsel for Agent, but limited to no more than one and, if applicable, local regulatory in each applicable jurisdiction) connection with preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery administration this Agreement other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications waivers provisions hereof thereof (whether not transactions contemplated hereby thereby be consummated) (ii) Secured Party Party) enforcement protection rights (A) Document, including under Section 9.12 , (B) Loans made Letters Credit issued Agreement, such during workout, restructuring negotiations respect Credit.
Immediately after the Closing (i) Seller expects to be able pay all creditors in a timely manner; and (ii) no solvency proceeding of any character, including bankruptcy, receivership, reorganization, composition or arrangement with (including assignment for benefit creditors), voluntary involuntary, affecting Assets is pending currently being contemplated by or, knowledge Seller, threatened against Seller. The has not made taken action contemplation of, which would constitute basis for, institution such insolvency proceedings.
(a) Immediately following the consummation of transactions to occur on ARCA Effective Date, including making New Credit Agreement Loans and application proceeds thereof, Borrower its Subsidiaries are, a consolidated basis, Solvent. Communication between the Servicer and Designated Persons shall be conducted in a manner (dependent part on parties at issue litigation as well law applicable to that litigation) so not waive attorney-client privilege or work product doctrine evidentiary privilege.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without effect whatsoever on the between Company other Purchasers, written notice parties, if Closing has not been consummated or before August 9, 2016; provided , however that termination will affect right of party sue for breach (or parties).
Schedule 4.13(b) is a complete and correct list of each Lien securing Indebtedness any Person outstanding on the Sixth Restatement Effective Date aggregate principal or face amount which equals exceeds (or may equal exceed) $1,000,000 covering property Borrower its Subsidiaries, secured that be secured) by such covered correctly described in .
If any part of this Amendment is contrary to, prohibited by, or deemed invalid under applicable Laws as defined in the Original Agreement, such provision shall be inapplicable and omitted to extent so contrary, invalid, but remainder hereof not invalidated thereby given effect far possible. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(w) or the SEC Reports, none of officers directors Company its subsidiaries and employees is presently a party to any transaction with subsidiary Affiliate thereof (other than for services employees, required be disclosed under Item 404 Regulation S-K Exchange Act).
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original but all when taken together a single contract. Delivery signature page to this by electronic or facsimile transmission as effective delivery manually signed counterpart Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Exhibits, Schedules, Service Orders and other agreements executed on date hereof in connection transactions contemplated by Contribution Agreement dated as of August 31, 2016 among Partnership PBF Energy Company LLC, constitutes entire agreement Parties pertaining to subject matter supersedes all prior understandings therewith.
This Agreement, together with the Proprietary Inventions and Assignment Agreement standard forms of equity award grants that describe Executive's outstanding awards, represent entire agreement understanding between parties as to subject matter herein supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements whether written oral. No waiver, alteration, modification any provisions this will be binding unless in writing is signed by duly authorized representatives hereto. In entering into no party has relied on made representation, warranty, inducement, promise not Agreement.
Any waiver by a party or any breach of this Agreement another shall not be construed as continuing consent to subsequent the other party. Except otherwise expressly set forth herein, no failure on part hereto exercise and delay in exercising right, power remedy hereunder operate thereof, nor single partial preclude further thereof remedy.
There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of Borrower, overtly threatened in writing, at law, equity, arbitration before any Governmental Authority, by against Borrower Restricted Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected have, individually aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall deemed to an original and all together constitute but one the same agreement. It is agreed by parties hereto that facsimile or e-mail signature pages signed Parties binding extent as pages.
The Seller has filed or caused to be all material tax returns (federal, state and local) required paid amounts of taxes shown thereon due, including interest penalties, except for such as are being contested in good faith by proper proceedings with respect which appropriate reserves maintained the accordance GAAP reasonably determined Seller.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which when so and delivered shall deemed an original it not necessary making proof this to produce or account for more than one such counterpart. Delivery counterpart by telecopy electronic mail party hereto effective as party’s The indemnity and payment obligations set forth in this Article IX Section 12.02(a)(iii) with respect to Taxes (and the representations contained 4.14 ) shall survive until date that is thirty (30) days following expiration of applicable statute limitations.
The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event any of provisions this Agreement were not performed accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached. Accordingly, each party shall be entitled to performance hereof, including an injunction injunctions prevent breaches and enforce specifically Delaware Court Chancery, being addition other remedy which such is at law equity. Each hereby further waives requirement under post security as a prerequisite obtaining equitable relief.
The Licensor assumes no liability to the Licensee or third parties with respect performance characteristics of goods sold by under Licensed Works, and shall indemnify hold harmless against losses incurred through claims persons involving manufacture, distribution sale Goods. agrees obtain, at its own expenses, product insurance providing adequate protection for any such suits in amounts less than $1,000,000 U.S. Dollars, and, within sixty (60) days prior License Goods, will submit a fully paid policy certificate naming as insured parties, requiring that insurer not terminate materially modify without written notice least thirty (30 ) advance thereof.
The Committee may unilaterally amend or alter the terms of PSUs, including this Award Agreement, retroactively otherwise, in any manner consistent with provisions Section 15 Plan; provided, however, that no such alteration amendment may, without consent Participant, materially impair previously accrued rights Participant respect to PSUs. Notwithstanding provision herein contrary, shall have broad authority Agreement take into account changes applicable tax laws, accounting rules, stock exchange rules and other state federal limitation, amendments made pursuant 409A Code.
The Shares shall become fully vested on the first anniversary of Grant Date, subject to Recipient continuing Service as a member Board. If Director’s Board terminates other than for death or Disability (“ Termination ”), all that have not date (any such shares, “Unvested Shares”) will be forfeited. foregoing notwithstanding, in event Recipient’s Change Control Company during Board, Unvested immediately and no longer restrictions Transfer hereunder.
Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of relating to this Agreement, the breach hereof coverage enforceability arbitration provision shall be settled by in Dallas, Texas (or such other location as Company and Executive may mutually agree), conducted accordance with Commercial Arbitration Rules American Association, rules are effect Dallas/Fort Worth, on date delivery demand for arbitration. The any issue, including determination amount damages suffered either party hereto reason acts omissions other, exclusion court law. Notwithstanding foregoing, seek equitable remedy a enforce provisions including, but not limited to, an action injunctive relief attachment, without waiving right
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all together the same instrument. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original. Facsimile copies or PDF sent by email this and any signatures thereon considered for all purposes as originals.
The Borrower agrees to pay the Lender a commitment fee (the “ Revolving Commitment Fee ”) at per annum rate equal 0.125% on average daily Available from date of this Agreement and including Facility Termination Date, payable in arrears last day each quarter hereafter Date. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Company and Optionee supersedes all prior agreements understandings, oral or written, with respect to subject matter of this Agreement.
Sublessor does hereby sell and transfer to Sublessee, on an “AS-IS” “WHERE IS” “WITH ALL FAULTS AND DEFECTS” basis, without recourse or warranty, Sublessee purchase accept, all of Sublessee’s right, title interest in the Transferred Personal Property. Executive agrees not to engage in any conduct, or make statement form, that may disparage, defame, otherwise diminish the reputation of Affinity, Board Shareholders, and their respective affiliates, funds, products, services, owners, members, principals, investors, officers, directors, employees, families.
In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and Plan, shall control. ambiguity in Agreement, or matters as to which is silent, Plan govern, including, without limitation, provisions thereof pursuant Compensation Benefits Committee has power, among others, (i) interpret (ii) amend repeal administrative rules, guidelines practices relating (iii) make all other determinations deemed necessary advisable for administration Plan.
Landlord and Tenant each hereby represents warrants that it has not dealt with any real estate b r oker or agent in connection the procurement of this Amendment other than Transwestern RBJ, whose commissions , if any, shall be paid by Landlo d pursuant to separate agreement. Each party covenants agrees pay, hold harmless indemnify from against all cost, expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) liability for compensation, commission charges broker (other foregoing named broker) resulting falsity such representation warranty.
Each Party acknowledges that because money damages are not and shall be available against the UCC would an insufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement by Party, each non-breaching entitled to specific performance injunctive or other equitable relief as a such breach, including, without limitation, order Bankruptcy Court court competent jurisdiction requiring comply promptly with its obligations hereunder, necessity proving inadequacy exclusive remedy. Parties hereby waives (a) defense at law is adequate (b) requirement post bond security in connection actions instituted relief, performance, remedies. Nothing herein entitlements hereunder extent they can enforced.
In case at any time after the Closing further action is necessary or desirable to carry out purposes of this Agreement, Ancillary transactions contemplated hereby thereby, each parties hereto will take such (including execution and delivery instruments documents) as other party reasonably may request, all sole cost expense requesting (unless entitled indemnification hereunder). From Closing, Company shall make available Buyer documents, books, records Tax records), agreements financial data sort relating Purchased Assets that are Excluded Assets.
As consideration for the assignment and sale contemplated in Section 2 hereof, Assignee shall pay to Assignor on date hereof federal funds amount heretofore agreed between them. It is understood that Facility Fees accrued Assignment Effective Date respect of Assigned Amount are account such fees accruing from including Assignee. Each hereby agrees if it receives any under Credit Agreement which other party hereto, receive same extent party’s interest therein promptly party.
Schedule 7.15 sets forth as of the Third Amendment Effective Date a list all Subsidiaries (excluding with no assets and operations) number percentage shares each class capital stock owned beneficially or record by Company any Subsidiary therein, jurisdiction formation such Subsidiary, designates which are Material Subsidiaries. Payment due the 20th of month following delivery month. shall be made by electronic funds transfer in United States dollars.
Except as permitted by an order of the Bankruptcy Court, none Borrower Parties, their respective Subsidiaries or any properties is in violation of, nor will continued operation currently conducted violate, Legal Requirement (including applicable Environmental Law) default with respect to judgment, writ, injunction, decree Governmental Authority neither case that would reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in material compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, UK Bribery 2010, other similar anti-corruption legislation jurisdictions instituted maintained policies procedures designed to promote achieve such laws. The provisions of this Agreement shall survive the termination and/or Employee’s employment to extent necessary effectuate terms contained herein. Notwithstanding foregoing, these terminate and be no further force or effect beginning twelve (12) months after closing a Sale Event.
The Parties agree to promptly sign all documents reasonably requested give effect the provisions of this Agreement. In addition, Propco agrees to, at Owner’s sole cost and expense, cooperate with applicable Gaming Authorities in connection administration their regulatory jurisdiction over Owner Call Right transaction described herein, including provision such other information as may be by Authorities.
In the event of a breach or threatened by Executive Sections 6 - 9 this Agreement, hereby consents and agrees that Company shall be entitled to seek, in addition other available remedies, temporary permanent injunction equitable relief against such from any court competent jurisdiction, without necessity showing actual damages money would not afford an adequate remedy, posting bond security. The aforementioned to, lieu of, legal monetary forms relief.
The paragraph headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect any way the meaning or interpretation of give full notice thereof. Unless otherwise specified, all Section references to applicable Agreement. If any court of competent jurisdiction holds that term or provision this Agreement is invalid unenforceable, the remaining terms and provisions will continue in full force effect, shall be deemed to amended automatically exclude offending provision.
Tenant hereby consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of state courts located in county where Building is and federal Eastern District Pennsylvania. In connection with any litigation arising out this Lease, prevailing party, or Landlord, shall be entitled recover all costs incurred, including reasonable attorneys’ fees. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Commonwealth Massachusetts, United States America.
Subject to the terms herein, either party may terminate Executive’s employment at any time; provided that Executive will be required provide Company least ninety (90) days’ advance written notice of voluntary resignation. The Termination Date shall date stated in termination. Upon termination employment, pay (i) unpaid Base Salary accrued through Date, (ii) and vacation which is entitled as a matter law or policy , (iii) unreimbursed expenses properly incurred prior (the “ Accrued Obligations ”). under this Agreement also constitute resignation an officer director affiliate subsidiary Company, applicable.
Purchaser shall have no right whatsoever to enter into any license, assignment, sublease, pledge or other occupancy agreement with respect the Sub-Leased Premises permit person entity than occupy Premises. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed enforced in accordance with the internal laws of State Illinois without regard to principles conflict laws.
Employee agrees to maintain in complete confidence the existence of this Agreement, contents and terms consideration for Agreement (hereinafter collectively referred as “Separation Information”). Except required by law, may disclose Separation Information only his/her immediate family members, Court any proceedings enforce Employee’s counsel, accountant professional tax advisor extent that they need know order provide advice on treatment or prepare returns, must prevent disclosure all other third parties. he/she will not publicize, directly indirectly, Information.
The Parties agree to take such actions and execute deliver other documents or agreements as may be necessary desirable for the implementation of this Agreement consummation transactions contemplated hereby thereby. Each of the Guarantors hereby acknowledges and reaffirms in all respects its respective obligations under Guaranties giving effect to foregoing provisions this Agreement.
Should any clause, sentence, paragraph, or Section of this Agreement be judicially declared to invalid, unenforceable, void, such decision will not have the effect invalidating voiding remainder Agreement, and parties hereto agree that part parts so held void deemed been stricken herefrom same force effectiveness as if had never included herein.
The Company will pay Executive an annual base salary (“ Base Salary ”) in the amount of $13,000.00 per month ($156,000 year). be paid accordance with Company’s payroll practices effect from time-to-time. Executive’s reviewed at least annually executive compensation review policies and may increased such , looking to results financial progress, among other things, as guides making any adjustments. All payments under this Agreement subject withholding required by applicable law.
This Guaranty may not be amended except in writing signed by the Requisite Lenders (or all of if required under terms Term Loan Agreement), Administrative Agent and each Guarantor. This Agreement shall be binding upon and enure to the benefit of parties hereto their respective personal representatives, heirs, beneficiaries, successors permitted assigns.
TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED, EACH PARTY HERETO WAIVES, AND COVENANTS SUCH WILL ASSERT (WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE), ANY RIGHT TRIAL JURY IN FORUM RESPECT OF ISSUE, CLAIM PROCEEDING ARISING OUT THIS AGREEMENT SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF WAY CONNECTED WITH DEALINGS COMPANY CONNECTION ABOVE, CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING HEREAFTER CONTRACT, TORT OTHERWISE. The Company or any party hereto may file an original counterpart a copy of this Section 3.8 with court as written evidence the consent parties to waiver their rights trial by jury.
The parties agree that this Agreement is reasonable and necessary for the protection of business goodwill Crawford any breach by Employee will cause substantial irreparable harm entitling to injunctive relief other equitable legal remedies. Moreover, extent breaches Agreement, time periods set forth herein are continued period Employee’s Agreement. prevailing party shall be entitled recover its costs attorney’s fees in proceeding brought under existence claim or action against Company, including dispute relating termination not constitute a defense enforcement said covenants injunction.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS AGREEMENT OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT THEORY). (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 8.07(e) .
Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) elimination of applicable giving rise thereto (including by termination Defaulting Lender status (or, as appropriate, its assignee compliance with Section 10.06(b) )) (ii) determination Agent that there exists excess Collateral; , however (x) furnished on behalf a Loan Party not during continuance Default Event (and application in this 2.16 may otherwise applied accordance 8.03 ) and (y) Person providing Collateral, Administrative L/C Issuer agree but instead held support future anticipated obligations.
The Employee hereby grants to the Employer right use Employee’s name and likeness, without additional consideration, on, in connection with technical, marketing and/or disclosure materials published by or for duration of employment a reasonable period time following Date Termination. Notwithstanding any provision of the Transfer and Administration Agreement to contrary, each Managing Agents Investors hereby consents (x) non-pro rata payments in respect Investor Group Net Investment for which PNC acts as Agent (y) non pro increase Wells Fargo Agent.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower Administrative Agent, sell participations to Person (other than a natural person, Defaulting of Borrower’s Affiliates Subsidiaries) (each, “ Participant ”) in all portion such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitment Loans L/C Obligations Swing Line Loans) owing it); provided that (i) shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto for performance and (iii) Borrower, Lenders Issuer continue deal directly with connection Agreement. For avoidance doubt, each be indemnity Section 11.04(c ) regard existence participation.
Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.10 , there is no material claim, action, suit, investigation or proceeding (or any basis therefor) pending against, brought by, threatened against affecting, Ecosphere of its properties the transactions contemplated hereby and Company hereby, before court arbitrator governmental body, agency, official authority. 5.10, not a party to otherwise involved intends initiate claims, actions, suits, investigations proceedings arising out relating operations, financial condition equity interests Company.
This Second Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts and on facsimile other electronic transmission, as permitted under the Original Amended Credit Agreement, each of which when so shall deemed to an original, but all taken together constitute same agreement. (a) The Company will keep, and cause each Subsidiary to all property useful necessary in its business good working order condition, ordinary wear tear excepted.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS AGREEMENT, OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT THEORY). (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT (INCLUDING ATTORNEY) HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO AGREEMENT BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
This Agreement may be amended or modified, and rights under it waived, only by a writing executed signed the parties hereto. This Agreement is the final and entire agreement between parties relating to subject matter supersedes any all prior or contemporaneous discussions, statements, representations, warranties, correspondence, conditions, negotiations, understandings, promises agreements, oral written, with respect such matter.
This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of State Delaware without regard to principles conflicts law thereof, or any other jurisdiction that could cause application than Delaware. The Participant submits personam federal state courts district county, respectively, which Schaumburg, Illinois is situate agrees such sole exclusive forum for resolution disputes regarding Plan this Agreement.
Other than as set forth on Schedule 6 attached hereto, neither Borrower nor any Affiliate (a) has or holds tradenames, trademarks, servicemarks, logos, copyrights, patents other intellectual property (collectively, “ Intellectual Property ”) with respect to the use operations thereof (b) is registered holder of website (other Tenant Franchisor websites).
This Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment and other Documents embody entire agreement between parties supersede all prior agreements understandings, if any, relating to subject matter hereof. These represent final may not be contradicted evidence of prior, contemporaneous or subsequent oral parties. Except expressly modified in terms, provisions conditions shall remain unchanged continue full force effect.
Neither party may assign or subcontract any of its her rights obligations under this Agreement without the written consent other. Any assignment not in compliance with provision shall be void. The representations, warranties and covenants contained herein shall survive the execution delivery of this Agreement sale Shares. Section 10.14(b) , ( c ) and d 10.15 of the Credit Agreement shall apply to this Amendment, mutatis mutandis .
All notices, requests, demands and other communications provided in connection with this Royalty Agreement shall be writing deemed to have been duly given at the time when hand delivered, delivered by express courier, or sent facsimile (with receipt confirmed sender’s transmitting device) accordance contact information below such as parties may notice.
Each Loan Party maintains the insurance and required services financial assurance as by law Section 7.01(h). Schedule 6.01(r) sets forth a list of all maintained each on Effective Date. The parties acknowledge that this Agreement has been the subject of full opportunity for negotiation and amendment accordingly, any rule construction would construe ambiguities against drafter shall not apply to Agreement.
Subject to any obligations the Participant may have under applicable law, will not make or cause be made statements that disparage, are inimical to, damage reputation of Company its affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, officers, directors employees. In event such a communication is anyone, including but limited media, public interest groups and publishing companies, it considered material breach terms Plan. Nothing in this section shall limit Participant’s ability provide truthful testimony information response subpoena, court order, investigation by government agency.
(a) In the event that any of Secured Obligations fails to be timely and fully performed in accordance with terms Loan Documents, once applicable grace period shall have elapsed without default having been remedied Credit Agreement, Pledgee, its capacity as administrative agent for benefit Parties, may enforce pledge granted hereunder, provisions Negotiable Instruments Law, Commerce Code law.
The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, from Financial Officer of Company dated Effective Date. The Plan shall be governed by the laws of State Delaware. THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS OBLIGATIONS OF PARTIES UNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GOVERNED BY LAW STATE NEW YORK.
Set forth in the Insurance Schedules is a complete and accurate summary of property, casualty, worker’s compensation, errors omissions, fidelity bonds/crime insurance program Loan Parties Subsidiaries as Closing Date (including names all insurers, policy numbers, expiration dates, amounts types coverage, annual premiums, exclusions, deductibles, self-insured retention, description reasonable detail any self-insurance program, retrospective rating plan, fronting arrangement or other risk assumption involving Party Subsidiary Party). Each each Parties, their respective properties, are insured with financially sound reputable companies which not Affiliates such amounts, deductibles covering risks customarily carried by engaged similar businesses owning properties localities where operate.
The section and paragraph headings appearing in this Agreement have been inserted for the purpose of convenience ready reference. They do not purport to, should be deemed to define, limit, or extend scope intent any paragraph. This has negotiated by Parties, legal equitable principles that might require construction provision against party drafting will apply interpretation Agreement.
The Company shall not, and use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that no Affiliate thereof shall, sell, offer for sale or solicit offers buy otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined Section 2 the Securities Act) would be integrated with Shares a manner require registration under Act Investor purposes rules regulations Trading Market.
This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and agreement of Parties hereto, shall supersede any agreements understandings (written or oral) between on prior to Effective Date with respect transaction described in this Agreement. This Amendment shall become effective on the date of Lender’s, Borrower’s and Parent’s receipt executed counterparts this Agreement, each which be originals or facsimiles “.pdf” “tiff” files, properly by (i) Borrower, (ii) Parent (iii) Lender.
The Company shall maintain insurance policies insuring the Collateral against loss or damage from such risks and in amounts forms with companies as are customarily maintained by businesses of similar type size to Company. This Agreement is intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement and to be complete exclusive statement understanding hereto in respect subject matter contained herein. supersedes all prior agreements understandings between with such matter.
If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal incapable being enforced by rule law, public policy, all conditions and provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force effect so long as the economic legal substance not affected manner materially adverse to party. Upon such determination that enforced, parties hereby negotiate good faith modify original intent closely possible fullest extent permitted applicable law a mutually acceptable order terms originally contemplated.
The proceeds of the Loans will be used for (i) funding needs resulting from Exchange Act Rule 15c3-3 timing differences, (ii) National Securities Clearing Corporation and other clearing agency margin deposits (iii) short-term operational needs. No part any Loan used, whether directly or indirectly, purpose that entails a violation Regulations Board, including T, U X.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement by each Seller Member does not, the performance will conflict with, violate or result in a breach constitute (with without notice passage time) default (or give rise to any third-party right termination, cancellation, material modification acceleration) under (i) organizational documents that is an entity, if any, (ii) law, rule, regulation, order, decree judgment applicable Subject Securities, (iii) contract, indenture, guarantee, lease, mortgage, license other agreement, instrument, obligation undertaking kind which party their properties assets are bound.
All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation enforceability of this MOU exhibits schedules hereto shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, laws State Texas, without giving effect to any choice law or conflict rules provisions (whether Texas other jurisdiction) that would cause application jurisdiction than Texas. Notwithstanding anything herein contrary, each Parties' rights obligations set forth are subject all requirements under
If the Grantee dies before otherwise incurring a Separation from Service, then, provided that Company has satisfied Performance Measures as of Vesting Date, pro-rata portion PRSUs referred to in Section 4(a) above shall become vested and number such Shares be issued on Settlement Date. The vest determined by multiplying subject are actually earned based achievement applicable fraction, which complete months Grant Date date death, divided
This Agreement shall be governed exclusively by and construed according to the laws of State Utah, as applied contracts between Utah residents entered into performed entirely within Utah. On the Restatement Effective Date after giving effect to transactions occur on Date, Loan Parties, a consolidated basis, are Solvent. Each SAR granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement. so subject to conditions set forth in this Section 8, and such other not inconsistent with as may reflected applicable Any Option include tandem SARs. The Committee also award SARs Eligible Persons independent of any Option.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including facsimile signatures which shall deemed as original signatures. All counterparts constitute one agreement, notwithstanding that all signatories are not to the or same counterpart. A copy an counterpart signature page signed by a party delivered other electronic transmission and, upon such delivery, print out transmitted will have effect if this bearing had been party.
The Board may, as permitted by law, at any time, amend or terminate the Plan, and may Award Agreement, provided that no amendment termination (except in Section 2.9, 3.4 6.2) cause to violate Code 409A, repricing of a Stock Option, or, absence written consent change affected Participant (or, if is not then living, beneficiary), adversely impair rights beneficiary under granted Plan prior date such adopted Board; provided, however , that, may: (i) materially increase benefits accruing Participants Plan; (ii) aggregate number securities which be issued other than pursuant 3.4; (iii) modify requirements for participation unless (i), above approved Company’s stockholders.
As of the Effective Date and throughout term this Agreement, each Party shall procure maintain, at its sole cost expense, commercial general liability insurance to cover indemnification obligation under Section 10.6.1 or 10.6.2 above, as applicable in amounts not less than US$ [* * *] per incident annual aggregate. Such be procured with carriers having an A.M. Best Rating A-VII better. The minimum coverage required 10.6.5 construed create a limit on Genocea’s Isconova’s respect their respective obligations Sections above.
Notices delivered in connection with this Guaranty shall be given accordance Section 10.04 of the PC Repurchase Agreement. This Agreement and the rights obligations of parties hereunder under Revolving Note any other Loan Documents, shall be construed in accordance with governed by laws State Minnesota. Borrower Guarantor hereby consent to jurisdiction courts Minnesota for actions brought hereon or on Note.
Any notice to be given hereunder by either party the other may effected personal delivery, in writing, or mail, registered certified, postage prepaid with return receipt requested. Mailed notices shall addressed parties at addresses set forth below, but each change his, her its address written accordance this Section 23. Notices deemed communicated as of actual refusal receipt.
The headings are intended only for convenience in finding the subject matter and do not constitute part of text this Agreement shall be considered interpretation Agreement. During the Term, each Party shall promptly report in writing to other any known or suspected infringement of Enumeral IP, unauthorized use misappropriation Know-How (each, an “Infringement”), which such becomes aware, and provide with all available evidence supporting knowledge suspicion.
The Option Price shall be payable in full upon the exercise of any and, at discretion Committee, an Certificate can provide for payment either (a) cash, or (b) by check, (c) Stock which is acceptable to (d) through cashless procedure effected unrelated broker a sale open market and (e) (f) combination such forms payment. Any made treated as equal Fair Market Value on date certificate (or proper evidence certificate) presented Committee its delegate form Committee. method permitted pursuant this § 7.4 may used withholding requirements under 16.3. Each deemed include right pay accordance with described 7.4(c) 7.4(e).
The Partnership maintains or is entitled to the benefits of insurance from insurers recognized financial responsibility covering its properties, operations, personnel and businesses against such losses risks as are reasonably adequate protect it in a reasonable manner amounts which prudent customary Subsidiaries engaged. All outstanding duly force on date hereof, except for failure be would not expected have Material Adverse Effect. Neither nor any has reason believe that will able renew existing coverage when expires obtain similar may necessary continue business at cost
This Termination Agreement shall be binding upon all the parties to Licensing and their respective successors assigns. governed by, construed enforced in accordance with, internal laws effect State of Texas. Except as set forth on Schedule 11.16 hereto, no Borrower has any Parents, Subsidiaries or other Affiliates divisions, nor is engaged in joint venture partnership with Person.
There is no Proceeding pending , or to the Knowledge of Companies, threatened anticipated relating affecting (a) any Company Business asset owned used by it; (b) Transactions. To n o event has occurred circumstance exists that would reasonably be expected give rise serve as a basis for commencement such Proceeding. outstanding Order which it subject. Schedule 4.17 lists all Proceedings at time within past five years in each been named defendant (whether directly, counterclaim third-party defendant) and plaintiff. Orders effect subject
Seller hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of state or federal courts located in State Ohio, County Franklin connection with any suit, action other proceeding arising out relating this Agreement and transactions contemplated thereby, agrees not assert, by way motion, as a defense, otherwise such that is brought an inconvenient forum, venue improper subject matter hereof thereof may be enforced courts.
Any term or condition of this Agreement may be waived at any time by the Party that is entitled to benefit thereof, but no such waiver shall effective unless set forth in a written instrument duly executed on behalf waiving condition. No Agreement, one more instances, deemed construed as same other future occasion. All remedies, either under Law otherwise afforded, will cumulative and not alternative.
Each Obligor agrees that any suit, action or proceeding with respect to this Amendment other Loan Document which it is a party judgment entered by court in thereof may be brought initially the federal state courts New York, York of its own corporate domicile and irrevocably submits non-exclusive jurisdiction each such for purpose action, judgment. This Section 5 benefit Administrative Agent Lenders only and, as result, neither nor Lender shall prevented from taking proceedings jurisdiction. To extent allowed applicable Laws, take concurrent number jurisdictions.
Each Borrower shall keep accurate and complete records of its Accounts, including all payments collections thereon. If during any calendar week Accounts constituting Eligible in an aggregate face amount $100,000 or more cease to be for reason other than payment full, Agent notify such occurrence promptly (and event within one Business Day) after has knowledge thereof.
Interest on this Bond payable prior to or the Maturity Date shall be paid by check draft mailed Registered Holder of at its address as it appears registration books Trustee (in such capacity, “Bond Registrar”) in other manner may mutually acceptable and Bond. that is payable, punctually duly provided for, any Payment applicable Regular Record Date. In order make payment defaulted interest, District pay interest person who a subsequent special record date. The fix date At least 10 days before date, mail notice states amount paid.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between parties related to severance and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral written agreements, understandings, commitments, practices of parties. The terms, covenants and conditions hereof shall be binding upon inure to the benefit of Mortgagee (for Lenders), Landlord Tenant their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors assigns.
The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive and accepts such employment with Company, on terms subject conditions hereinafter set forth. Subject contained herein, shall serve as President Chief Operating Officer of have duties are typically performed by a president chief operating officer corporation similar size type Company. render his services at direction of, report solely to, use best efforts promote further business, reputation good name Executive’s primary place be in Williamsburg, Virginia area, or other location determined Company’s Board Directors.
Each Credit Party owns or is validly licensed to use all Intellectual Property that necessary for the present conduct of its business, free and clear Liens (other than Permitted Liens), without conflict with rights any other Person unless failure own benefit from such valid license could not, individually in aggregate, reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. To best knowledge each Party, no infringing, misappropriating, diluting, otherwise violating infringement, misappropriation, dilution violation
The Parties agree that (a) the provisions of this Agreement will be severable in event for any reason whatsoever hereof are invalid, void or otherwise unenforcable, (b) such unenforceable replaced by other which as similar possible terms to but valid and enforceable, (c) remaining remain enforceable fullest extent permitted applicable law.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, shall considered divisible and such deemed inoperative the extent it in all other respects remain full force effect; provided, however , that if may made enforceable by limitation thereof, then so limited maximum permitted applicable law. Neither party shall have termination rights in this Agreement, except that Licensor may terminate Licensee’s and/or Agreement as expressly set forth Section 4, 5 and 9.
This Agreement and all covenants, agreements, representations warranties made herein in the certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall survive making by Lender of Loan execution delivery to Note, continue full force effect so long as or any Debt is outstanding unpaid unless a longer period expressly set forth other Documents. Whenever this parties referred to, such reference be deemed include legal representatives, successors assigns party. All promises agreements Agreement, on behalf Borrower, inure benefit Lender.
The Borrower will maintain, and cause each Subsidiary to its corporate existence in good standing under the laws of jurisdiction organization qualification transact business where failure so qualify would permanently preclude or such from enforcing rights with respect any material asset expose liability; provided , however that nothing herein shall prohibit merger liquidation allowed Section 6.1.
Except as set forth in Section 3(b) above, all unvested RSUs shall be immediately forfeited upon the Participant’s Termination for any reason. During the Term, Executive shall be engaged by Company in capacity of Vice President, Human Resources and CNO or such other senior executive as Chief Officer specify. report to officer may specify regarding performance her duties.
This Agreement contains the entire understanding between parties hereto and, as of Effective Date, it shall supersede all prior negotiations, representations, agreements and understandings, whether oral or written, CHS Customer with respect to acquisition Grain for use by at Facility. Holdco has no Subsidiaries, except those Subsidiaries which are identified on Schedule 6.8 , or permitted to have been organized acquired in accordance with Section 8.5 8.8 .
The Company shall use the proceeds from sale of Purchased Preferred Stock to consummate Share Repurchase, if applicable, and otherwise for working capital general corporate purposes. A default shall occur in the due performance or observance by Borrower Approved Music Venue Manager of any term, covenant agreement contained Section 5.8 Article VI , provided that such not constitute an Event Default unless and until it remain uncured for 10 days after receives written notice thereof.
(i) The Tranche C Lead Arranger shall have received all fees and expenses required to be paid or delivered by the Borrower it on prior such date pursuant that certain engagement letter, dated as of October 17, 2016 among Borrower, (ii) Administrative Agent other amounts due payable for account any Lender having a B Term Loan outstanding under Existing Credit Agreement before Second Incremental Amendment Effective Date, including accrued unpaid interest with respect Loans (iii) received, ratable each delivers an executed counterpart this Amendment, fee in amount equal 0.50% Commitment Lender.
You voluntarily resigned from your employment with the Company effective July 1, 2016 (“Termination Date”) and will be paid regular salary through Termination Date. no longer allowed on premises or at functions you shall not interfere business. Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in Purchase Agreement.
The closing (the “ Closing ”) of the Transactions will be held at offices Latham & Watkins LLP, 811 Main Street, Suite 3700, Houston, Texas 9:00 a.m. (Houston, time) on later (a) first business day after conditions set forth in Article V have been satisfied or waived (other than which, by their nature, are to Date) and (b) such other date time as which parties agree writing, each case subject rights under VIII. occurs is herein referred Date .” shall deemed effective 12:01 Date.
At any time prior to the Closing Date, Parties may (a) extend for performance of obligations or other acts Party if requested by Party, (b) waive inaccuracies in representations and warranties contained this Agreement document delivered pursuant Agreement, (c) compliance with agreements, covenants conditions Agreement. Any agreement on part a such extension waiver will be valid only set forth an instrument writing signed behalf Party. The failure assert its rights under otherwise not constitute those rights.
The representations and warranties of the Parties in ARTICLE III IV this Agreement shall survive Closing for a period eighteen (18) months following Date; provided , however that (i) Seller Parent contained Sections 3.1 (Organization, Power Authority Parties), 3.2 (Membership Interests), 3.4 (Capitalization Subsidiaries), 3.5 Ownership Property), 3.8 (Tax Matters)and 3.14 (Financial Adviser) (the “ Core Representations Warranties ”) applicable statute limitations with respect thereto, (ii) Section 3.11 (Environmental Matters) three (3) years Date (iii) Purchaser 4.1 Parties) 4.3 Advisor) ” and, together Warranties, thereto.
This Agreement (including the schedules and exhibits hereto, Seller Documents, Purchaser Documents) represents entire understanding agreement between parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof supersedes all prior agreements understandings among or any of relating thereof. All action on the part of Corporation for authorization, execution, delivery and performance by this Agreement has been taken, constitutes a valid binding obligation Corporation, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or similar laws relating to affecting enforcement creditors' rights.
The Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, comply with all Requirements of Law (including Environmental Laws) respect to it or its property, except where the failure do so, individually in aggregate, could not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect. maintain effect enforce policies procedures designed ensure compliance by Borrower, Subsidiaries their respective directors, officers, employees agents Anti-Corruption Laws applicable Sanctions.
This Amendment cannot be altered, amended, changed or modified in any respect except accordance with Section 10.5 of the Loan Agreement. Except as set forth on Schedule 4(d) , of the date hereof there is no action, suit or proceeding at law in equity by before any court Governmental Authority pending or, to knowledge Loan Parties threatened against affecting Parties.
On the Closing Date, Company shall have paid to Agents all fees required be on Date and reasonable documented out-of-pocket expenses reimbursed by Administrative Agent Lead Arranger in connection with Transaction, case of such extent invoiced at least one Business Day prior Date. The undersigned has full power, authority and legal right to execute deliver, perform its obligations under, this Guaranty taken all necessary corporate action authorize the execution, delivery performance of Guaranty.
The U.S. Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) keep all property necessary to the business in good working order condition, ordinary wear tear excepted subject occurrence casualty events, (ii) maintain with financially sound reputable insurance companies on such against risks as is consistent accordance industry practice for similarly situated owning similar properties engaged businesses Subsidiaries, (iii) furnish Administrative Agent, upon request therefor, full information carried; provided that may self-insure extent it reasonably determines self-insurance prudent practice.
This Incremental Agreement No. 1 and the other Loan Documents represent agreement of Obligors, Administrative Agent Lenders with respect to subject matter hereof thereof, there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by any such party relative thereof not expressly set forth referred herein in Documents. Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall in writing and deemed have been when delivered by hand deposited the United States mail, registered certified return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed Company’s executive office, last address known for Swan.
Any notice required or desired to be given regarding this Lease shall in writing and may by personal delivery, facsimile, courier service, mail. A deemed have been (i) on the third business day after mailing if such was deposited United States mail, certified registered, postage prepaid, addressed party served at its Address for Notices specified Section Q R of Summary (as applicable), (ii) when delivered (iii) all other cases actually received party’s Notices. Either change address giving same accordance with 15.8, provided, however, that any which notices sent must a California address.
The base salary for the Executive shall be Five Hundred Ten Thousand dollars per year, or such other rate as Board may designate from time to (the “Base Salary”). Base Salary payable in regular installments accordance with Company’s general payroll practices and subject withholdings applicable taxes legally-required previously-agreed deductions. Executive’s performance evaluated annually March of each year. Any future increases will based on individual approved by its sole discretion.
In the event of termination this Agreement prior to scheduled expiration Term, then (a) with respect any Services for which Fee such is charged as a flat monthly rate, if occurs other than end month, that month shall be prorated reflect partial and (b) Services, all amounts due pursuant terms hereof appropriately reduced shortened period during are actually provided, MPLS refund HSM appropriate amount have been paid in advance. Notwithstanding immediately preceding sentence, extent or advances made hereunder related costs Expenses will incurred cannot recovered by MPLS, not required Expenses; reimburse Third Party cancellation similar charges result early termination.
The Company shall employ the Executive, and Executive agrees to be so employed, in capacity of [Title] serve for Term (as hereinafter defined) hereof, subject earlier termination as provided. All notices, requests and demands pursuant hereto shall be made in accordance with Section 13.2 of the DIP Credit Agreement. communications notices hereunder to any Guarantor given it care Company at Company’s address set forth
Borrower represents and warrants that lawfully holds possesses (a) a valid fee simple interest in the Real Property, as designated on Exhibit A , fixtures located thereon (b) title to Subject Property is not or without limitation right encumber, this Deed of Trust first prior lien subject only Permitted Liens. Neither Borrower, nor any Affiliate has real property, encumbered hereby, which utilized material manner connection with use operation necessary required for Property.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall deemed to an original and all together one the same instrument. Grantee’s electronic signature this have validity effect as a affixed by hand. This Lease may be only modified by a writing signed both Lessor and Tenant.
If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Papers is held to be illegal, invalid, unenforceable, (a) legality, validity, and enforceability remaining provisions shall not affected impaired thereby, (b) parties endeavor in good faith negotiations replace unenforceable with valid economic effect which comes as close possible that provisions. The invalidity a particular jurisdiction invalidate render such jurisdiction.
The Company has all necessary power and authority to enter into, be bound by the terms of, this Agreement fullest extent permitted law, execution, delivery performance of undertakings contemplated have been duly authorized Company. CLIENT is responsible for the payment of any and all foreign, federal, state, county local taxes fees applicable to transactions under this contract invoiced by FiCentive. shall be collection end-user remittance such relevant governmental authority.
This Amendment and the other Loan Documents represent entire agreement of Borrower, Guarantors, Administrative Agent, New Term III Lenders party hereto with respect to subject matter hereof, there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by any Lender relative hereof not expressly set forth referred herein in Documents. Sections 9.12 9.14 Credit Agreement incorporated reference shall apply mutatis mutandis.
Schedule 4.18 sets forth, as of the Closing Date and after giving effect to Transactions, an accurate complete list a brief description (including insurer, policy number, type insurance, coverage limits, deductibles, expiration dates any special cancellation conditions) all policies property casualty, liability (including, but not limited to, product liability), business interruption, workers’ compensation, other forms insurance owned or held by Restricted Parties pursuant which their respective assets are insured. The assets, properties insured against such hazards liabilities, under coverages in amounts, customarily maintained prudent companies similarly situated issued insurers recognized responsibility.
In the event of any change in corporate capitalization, transaction, sale or other disposition assets similar transaction involving Company as described Section 5.5 Plan, Committee shall make equitable adjustment it determines necessary and appropriate number RSUs subject to this Agreement. No be made if such is prohibited by Plan (relating 409A Code).
The Holders represent that the Notes all of instruments each has entered into with Maker and there are no additional agreements/instruments between any Maker. Each parties covenants agrees, at its own expense, to execute deliver, request other party, such further take action as party may reasonably effectuate terms this Agreement.
The proceeds of the Loans shall be used solely to repay amounts outstanding under Existing Credit Agreement, fund repayment GE pay cash portion Acquisition consideration and fees expenses in connection with related transactions. The provisions of this Agreement, including the sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers consents to departures from hereof given without prior written consent (i) Company, (ii) Liberty (so long as any Holder holds Registrable Securities) (iii) A/N Securities).
Each Party shall use all information that it obtains from the others pursuant to this Agreement solely for effectuation of transactions contemplated by or other purposes consistent with intent and not any such purpose, including, without limitation, competitive detriment Parties. may disclose its/their respective affiliates, counsel, accountants, tax advisors consultants as necessary consummate transaction. This provision prohibit disclosure confidential court order which has otherwise become publicly available through no fault recipient Party.
This Amendment shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the rules of construction set forth Sections 1.02 , 1.03 1.04 1.05 1.06 Amended Restated Credit Agreement. The Plan shall be effective as of May 10, 2016; subject to the approval stockholders Company (the “ Stockholders ”). Such meet requirements Section 162(m) Code and regulations thereunder. If such is not obtained, then effective.
Fortress Biotech, Inc. (the “ Company ”), for value received, pursuant to this Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note hereby promises pay the order of_____________(“ Holder ”) in lawful money of United States America, principal amount as may be advanced from time by shown on Exhibit A attached hereto, with interest date each advance at 12% per annum unpaid balance until paid. Interest shall accrued accordance Facility Agreement. Such and Accrued Amounts due payable All prepaid any without penalty.
Each Seller shall keep or cause to be kept in reasonable detail books and records of account its assets business clearly reflect therein the transfer Purchased Assets Administrative Agent for benefit Buyers. each Party Subsidiary Contributed REO Property, Rental Property Mortgage Loans such Subsidiary. Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks paid vacation each calendar year in accordance with the general policies of QTS or Company.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which when so and delivered shall an original, but all together constitute one the same instrument. Copies originals, including copies by facsimile, pdf or other electronic means have import effect as original counterparts valid, enforceable binding for purposes this Agreement.
Executive agrees that he will not do or say anything could reasonably be expected to disparage impact negatively the name reputation in marketplace of Company any its affiliates, employees, officers, directors, stockholders, members, principals assigns. Nothing this Section 6(b) shall preclude from responding truthfully legal process testifying a regulatory proceeding, provided that, extent permitted by law, promptly informs such obligation prior participating proceedings. The likewise it release information make statements, and officers directors Executive. herein assigns inform advance if has reason believe response testimony directly relate Executive, complying with applicable disclosure requirements.
If an Account of any Borrower includes a charge for Taxes, the Agent is authorized, in its discretion after occurrence Event Default and during continuation thereof, to pay amount thereof proper taxing authority account such Borrowers therefor; provided, however, that shall not be liable Taxes may due from or with respect Collateral.
Any financial statement, report, notice, proxy registration prospectus or other document required to be delivered pursuant this Section 5.1 shall in accordance with 10.1 and deemed have been on the date which such is posted SEC’s website Internet at www.sec.gov and, each case, readily accessible Administrative Agent date; provided that Borrower give notice of any posting (who then Lenders). Furthermore, if certificate information not a Business Day, may next succeeding Day after date.
The proceeds of the Loans shall be used to fund refinancing existing revolving and term indebtedness payable Existing Lender pursuant Credit Agreement, pay fees, commissions, Swap Termination Value expenses in connection therewith, Permitted Acquisitions accordance with provisions hereof for general working capital corporate purposes Borrower its Subsidiaries. THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING THIS AMENDMENT.
I agree that will not disclose to others the fact or terms of this Agreement, except may such information my spouse, and attorneys accountants in order for them render professional services me. With effect from April 30, 2016, Schedule A to the Original Agreement shall be hereby amended by deleting reference “$325,000,000” therein, and replacing it with “$275,000,000” .
The Seller and Shareholder delivered to the Purchaser following financial statements (collectively, “Financial Statements”): (a) unaudited balance sheets of as December 31, 2014 2015 by quarter Closing Date, related income retained earnings for cash flows years Date. Financial Statements are accurate complete in all material respects, have been prepared accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) applied on a consistent basis throughout periods covered (except that interim referred clause “(a)”of this Section 2.2 do not notes) present fairly respects position respective dates thereof results operations thereby.
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Amendment Agreement, unless otherwise provided herein, such shall in accordance with Section 9(f) of the SPA. No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver discharge is agreed in writing and signed by Covered Person an authorized officer Company (other than Person). either party any breach of, compliance with, condition other considered a same at another time.
Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given, (a) with respect to the Company, at address of Company indicated in Schedule 10.02 Credit Agreement and (b) Administrative Agent any other Secured Party, Agent’s Agreement. All such addresses may modified, all notices given effective, as provided Section for giving effectiveness modifications thereunder.
During the period you are employed by OvaScience, Limited, will be eligible to participant in any and all benefit programs that Limited establishes makes available its employees from time time, provided meet specific eligibility criteria as set forth (and subject provisions of) plan documents governing those programs. Once your employment is transferred Company, participate Company programs, service with shall credited for purposes of meeting requirements. The benefits made rules, terms conditions participation such plans, may changed at without advance notice.
As set forth in Section 5, you will have the opportunity to consider this Agreement for at least 21 days before signing it. For period of seven (7) from date when execute Agreement, right revoke it by written notice. such a revocation be effective, must delivered our General Counsel, Jason Cole, so that he receives or expiration day period. This shall become effective on first following (the “Effective Date”).
This Agreement shall be construed and regulated in all respects under the laws of State Maryland without reference to principles conflict laws. The Administrative Agent shall have received the financial statements referred to in Section 3.1 (it being understood that any public filing of such financials with SEC constitute delivery financials).
If Executive’s employment is terminated by reason of death, Disability or retirement during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to Executive legal representatives under Agreement, other than for payment Accrued Salary and timely provision Other Benefits. be paid estate beneficiary, as applicable, in a lump sum cash within 30 days after Date Termination. With respect Benefits, term Benefits used Section 7(b) include limitation, and/or beneficiaries entitled receive, benefits such plans, programs, practices policies relating disability benefits, if any, are applicable on
Lessee shall be responsible for paying, and Lessor collecting from paying over to the appropriate authorities, all applicable Federal transportation taxes sales, use or other excise imposed by any governmental authority in connection with of Aircraft hereunder. Each party indemnify against claims, liabilities, costs expenses (including attorney's fees as when incurred) arising out its breach this undertaking.
Each option shall terminate, and may no longer be exercised, on the earlier of (i) date ten years after grant or (ii) 60 days optionee ceases to serve as a director Company for any reason, whether by death, resignation, removal otherwise. This Note and any claim, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract tort otherwise) based upon, arising out relating to this the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed by laws State Florida.
This Agreement and the agreements referred to herein, including Appendices A B hereto, contain all of terms your employment with Company supersede any prior understandings or agreements, whether oral written, between you Company, without limitation UK Employment Criteo Ltd., which is hereby terminated. You acknowledge that have not relied upon representations (oral otherwise) other than those explicitly stated in this letter letter.
THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE HAS BEEN MADE AND DELIVERED AT NEW YORK, SHALL BE INTERPRETED THE RIGHTS LIABILITIES OF PARTIES HERETO DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH LAWS DECISIONS STATE YORK. WHEREVER POSSIBLE EACH PROVISION SUCH MANNER AS TO EFFECTIVE VALID UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, BUT IF ANY PROHIBITED BY OR INVALID INEFFECTIVE EXTENT PROHIBITION INVALIDITY, WITHOUT INVALIDATING REMAINDER REMAINING PROVISIONS NOTE.
If any provision of this Amendment is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability remaining provisions shall not affected impaired thereby (b) parties endeavor in good faith negotiations replace unenforceable with valid economic effect which comes as close possible that provisions. The invalidity a particular jurisdiction invalidate render such other jurisdiction.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SELLER AND BUYER HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE THEIR RIGHT A TRIAL JURY OF ANY CLAIM (I) ARISING UNDER DOCUMENTS BE EXECUTED DELIVERED AT CLOSING, OR (II) CONNECTED WITH RELATED TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER NOW EXISTING HEREAFTER ARISING. MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COPY SECTION COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE FOREGOING WAIVER.
Each Grantor hereby agrees, jointly with the other Grantors and severally, to indemnify Administrative Agent Secured Parties, their respective successors, assigns, agents employees in accordance terms of Section 9.03(b) Credit Agreement applied mutatis mutandis . (a) Each Party shall own all data and information (i) provided by it to the other in connection with its receipt of Services or (ii) created for solely on behalf relation provision (collectively, “ Service Receiver Data ”).
This Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented only by written agreement of Buyer and the Shareholders at any time prior to Closing with respect terms contained herein. The representations and warranties of the Company Investor contained in Sections 3 4 , agreements covenants set forth Section 5 indemnification provisions this 11 shall survive each Closings termination Agreement.
This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed delivered on behalf of the Investor shall constitute legal, valid binding obligation enforceable against in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles equity or to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation other similar laws relating to, affecting generally, enforcement creditors’ rights remedies.
As of the Closing Date, neither Company nor any other Loan Party has Subsidiaries than those specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.11 , and all outstanding Equity Interests Borrowers each Parent’s have been validly issued, are fully paid nonassessable owned by Holding or free clear Liens except (i) created under Collateral Documents (ii) nonconsensual Lien that is permitted Section 7.01 . sets forth name jurisdiction organization Subsidiary, (b) ownership interest Parent, Topco, Holdings, their Subsidiaries, including percentage such (c) identifies Person which required to be pledged on Date pursuant Guarantee Requirement.
Section, subsection and other headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only shall not affect the construction of Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted enforced in accordance with the laws of State Delaware, without giving effect to any choice law or conflict rules provisions (whether Delaware other jurisdiction) that would cause application jurisdiction than Delaware.
The proceeds of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans, Letters Credit, shall be used to finance working capital needs general corporate purposes Borrower its Subsidiaries, including Investments, Restricted Payments expenditures permitted under this Agreement. Tranche B Term made on Seventh Amendment Effective Date only (i) repay in full outstanding principal amount Existing together with any accrued interest other amounts owing respect thereof, (ii) for (iii) pay related costs expenses.
The provisions of the October 2014 Warrant amended herein may not be further modified or unless Investor consents. Records of the Grantor, Nexeo, or any their respective affiliates regarding your period employment, termination employment and reason therefor, leaves absence, re-employment, other matters shall be conclusive for all purposes hereunder, unless determined by aforementioned parties to incorrect.
The Parties will identify aspects of the Products that can benefit from improvement including manufacturing changes and hardware and/or software changes. In addition, there may be require correction. This Section 18 specifies Parties' responsibilities actions to taken in respect such improvements corrections. Subject to the provisions of Sections 6.2(k), 6.3(c) and 6.09, after date grant a Stock Incentive, Committee may, in its sole discretion, modify terms conditions except extent that such modification would be inconsistent with other Plan or Code adversely affect rights Participant under Incentive (except as otherwise permitted Plan).
The parties agree that irreparable damage would result and the not have any adequate remedy at law if of provisions this Agreement were performed in accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached threatened to be prior Closing. It is accordingly agreed shall entitled equitable relief, without proof actual damages, including form an injunction injunctions orders for performance, addition all other remedies available equity as a such breach breach. Each party agrees (a) raise objections availability relief (b) waive requirement security posting bond connection remedy.
This Amendment shall be subject to and governed by the laws of State Texas. Each Party hereby submits jurisdiction state federal courts in Texas venue Houston, The term of a Performance Award, Dividend Equivalent award, Deferred Stock Payment award and/or Restricted Unit shall be set by the Administrator in its discretion.
No actions, suits or proceedings are pending or, to Borrower's knowledge, threatened, against affecting it before any court, governmental administrative body agency which might result in material adverse change the operations, business property, assets condition (financial otherwise) of Borrower, would question validity this Agreement action taken be by Borrower pursuant connection with Agreement.
Each Group Member owns, or is licensed to use, all Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted. No material claim has been asserted and pending by any Person challenging questioning use validity effectiveness Property, nor does Borrower know valid basis such except claims which could not reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. The each infringe on rights in respect extent that
Except as otherwise specified herein or if the context may require, capitalized terms used but not defined have respective meanings assigned to such in Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated of date hereof (the “ Agreement ”), by among Nissan Auto Receivables Corporation II, seller, Motor Acceptance Corporation, servicer, 2016-C Owner Trust, issuer, U.S. Bank National Association, indenture trustee.
(a) The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lender its consolidated balance sheet and statements of earnings cash flows, together with notes thereto, as for fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, audited by accompanied opinion KPMG LLP, independent public accountants. All capitalized terms and other not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in Lease.
(a) The Borrower agrees to pay each Revolving Facility Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), through the Administrative Agent, on first day of calendar month, and date which Commitments all Lenders shall be terminated as provided herein, a commitment fee (the “ Commitment Fee ”) daily amount Available Unused such during preceding month (or other period commencing with Closing Date or ending Maturity last terminated) at rate per annum equal Applicable Fee. All Fees computed basis actual number days elapsed in year 360 days. due commence accrue cease herein.
The Partnership may, without prior written consent or notice, (i) file the Transaction Agreements as exhibits to Exchange Act reports and (ii) disclose such information with respect any Purchaser required by applicable Law rules regulations of NYSE other exchange on which securities are listed traded. shall, before fourth Business Day following date hereof, one more Current Reports Form 8-K SEC (the “ Filing ”) describing terms transactions contemplated including Filing, in form Act.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws regulations of Wyoming. The parties hereby waive a trial jury any action, proceeding or counterclaim brought either hereto against other respect matter arising out connection this Agreement. agree that event litigation between relation to Agreement, prevailing party final judgment after appeal period has passed awarded, addition damages, injunctions relief, such party’s costs expenses, including but not limited all related reasonable attorneys’, accountants’ experts’ fees incurred bringing and/or enforcing order granted therein.
All notices or other communications given made hereunder shall be in writing and delivered mailed by registered mail email facsimile with written confirmation of receipt to the Optionee and/or Company at addresses shown on letterhead above, such place as may designate notice Optionee. The is responsible for notifying any change Optionee’s address, deemed have complied obligation provide sending address indicated below.
This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of Company and you regarding subject matter hereof supersedes all prior agreements, understandings inducements, whether express or implied, oral written; provided, however , this does not impact, alter, modify, amend otherwise supersede any rights obligations either party under employment agreement arrangement, existing severance agreements in place between Company. No modification amendment shall be effective without a written signed by
You hereby consent and agree that state courts located in Montgomery County, Texas the United States District Court for Southern of each shall have personal jurisdiction proper venue with respect to any dispute between you Company arising connection Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Units, these Terms Conditions, or Agreement. In Company, will not raise, expressly waive, objection defense such as an inconvenient forum.
The Administrative Agent shall have received executed counterparts of this Agreement by each party hereto. The MSR Owner has the full power and authority to enter into consummate all transactions contemplated by this Agreement, duly authorized execution, delivery performance of executed delivered Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of parties, and supersedes all prior agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to Executive’s employment related matters, except for agreements set forth on Exhibit C hereto, which shall remain in effect.
Except as expressly provided herein, the execution and delivery of this Eighth Amendment shall not be deemed or construed to (i) constitute an extension, modification waiver any term condition Original TSA , (ii) give rise obligation on part Party extend, modify waive (iii) a by its rights under at law in equity.
This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic Laws of, enforced in, State of California without giving effect to any choice or conflict law provision rule that would cause application jurisdiction other than California. Such Purchaser is duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws of its state formation, with all necessary power authority to own properties conduct business as currently conducted, except each case would not prevent consummation by such transactions contemplated Transaction Documents.
Unless otherwise defined in this Agreement, each capitalized term Agreement shall have the meaning given to it The Progressive Corporation 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”). References herein performance results of Company mean applicable achieved by Subsidiaries and mutual company affiliate portfolio(s) extent directly managed Capital Management Corp. during Evaluation Period (“Managed Portfolios”).
All information relating to or concerning the Company any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided Purchaser otherwise connection with transactions contemplated hereby is true correct all material respects has not omitted state fact necessary order make statements made herein therein, light circumstances under which they were made, misleading. No event circumstance occurred exists respect their business, properties, prospects, operations financial conditions, which, applicable law, rule regulation, requires public disclosure announcement by but been so publicly announced disclosed (assuming for purpose that Company’s reports filed 1934 Act are being incorporated into an effective registration statement 1933 Act).
The Borrowers have delivered or caused to be the Bank its most recent balance sheet, income statement and of cash flows (as applicable, “Historical Financial Statements” ). Historical Statements are true, complete accurate in all material respects fairly present financial condition, assets liabilities, whether accrued, absolute, contingent otherwise results Companies’ operations for period specified therein. been prepared accordance with generally accepted accounting principles effect from time ( “GAAP” ) consistently applied period, subject case interim statements normal year-end adjustments any customary comments notes reasonably acceptable Bank.
No later than the Delivery Date, Administrative Agent shall have received from Borrower or Subsidiary Guarantors evidence of policies insurance required by Credit Agreement and other Loan Documents. Neither New Operator nor Kindred shall assign any of its rights under this Agreement without first obtaining the other party’s written consent. Except as expressly set forth herein, not counter or remedies upon Person than parties hereto and their respective successors permitted assigns.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Holdings the Borrower constitutes, each other Loan Document when Party that is party thereto will constitute, a legal, valid binding obligation of such enforceable against in accordance with its terms, subject to (i) effects bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, (ii) general principles equity (regardless whether enforceability considered proceeding at law), (iii) implied covenants good faith fair dealing (iv) except extent set forth applicable Foreign Pledge Agreements, any foreign laws, rules regulations as they relate pledges Equity Interests Subsidiaries.
If any provision of this Agreement, or portion hereof, is held to be invalid, illegal unenforceable, all other provisions shall remain in force and effect as if such unenforceable thereof had not been included herein. Agreement so broad a interpreted only enforceable. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT TORT OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT RELATING TO DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS DOCUMENT, EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED ACCORDANCE WITH, LAWS STATE NEW YORK.
In the event of a breach Section 4.1 or 4.2 by Executive, then Executive shall immediately reimburse Company entire gross amount severance benefits paid to pursuant 3 up date such breach. The forfeiture provisions this 4.4 be in addition to, and not limitation of, any other remedies available at law equity.
This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, Parties’ respective successors permitted assigns. not assignable by any Party without prior written consent of other Party; provided , however that, upon thirty (30) days’ notice but Party’s consent, a (i) may assign this Agreement, in whole or part, its Affiliates that assigning remain primarily liable under and/or (ii) successor such connection with Change Control successor, reasonable judgment Party, is able perform obligations Agreement.
(a) Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself its property, the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or federal United States America sitting in City, appellate from thereof, action proceeding arising out relating other Loan Documents, recognition enforcement judgment, each parties hereto agrees that all claims respect such may be heard determined or, extent permitted by law, court. a final judgment shall conclusive enforced jurisdictions suit on manner provided law. Nothing affect right Agent Lender otherwise have bring Document against Pledgor, properties, courts jurisdiction.
To the Knowledge of Seller, Intellectual Property Rights in Business that are subject any issued registration valid and enforceable. Seller does not know facts or circumstances could impair validity enforceability Right Property. Except as modified by this Amendment, the Agreement is in all other respects hereby ratified and confirmed. Survival . Each party’s obligations under this Section 5.11 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Administrative Agent any assignment rights by, of, a Lender, termination Commitments and repayment, satisfaction discharge all Loan Document.
This Agreement and all covenants, agreements, representations warranties made herein in the certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall survive making by Lender of Loan execution delivery to Notes, continue full force effect so long as or any Debt is outstanding unpaid unless a longer period expressly set forth other Documents. Whenever this parties referred to, such reference be deemed include legal representatives, successors assigns party. All promises agreements Agreement, on behalf Borrower Operating Lessee, inure benefit Lender.
The term of the Partnership shall continue until December 31, 2065, unless earlier terminated, wound up and dissolved terminated in accordance with this Agreement Act. No amendment, modification, rescission, waiver or release of any provision this Agreement shall be effective unless the same in writing and signed by each party hereto.
The Company agrees that it will not disclose, and include in any public announcement, the name of Investors without consent unless until such disclosure is required by law or applicable regulation, then only to extent requirement. Participant Deferrals shall be vested in accordance with the same vesting schedule and conditions applicable to deferred Award under terms of Stock Incentive Plan Agreement. The portion a Participant’s Accounts that remains unvested upon his or her Separation from Service after application this Section 3.5 forfeited.
Except as permitted herein, no Seller Party nor any Servicer shall sell, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of, grant option with respect to, pledge, hypothecate a security interest in lien on encumber (except pursuant to the Program Agreements), of Purchased Assets, Mortgage Loans Contributed Assets therein, provided that this Section not prevent accordance Agreements. set forth assign its rights under Underlying Repurchase Documents Person.
The proceeds of (a) the Initial Term Loans borrowed on Closing Date will be used to (x) pay fees and expenses in connection with Transactions (y) fund Notes Redemption Collateral Account, Founders Share Purchase Restricted Cash Account Designated US respective amounts set forth Section 2.01 for purpose effecting Tender Offer, Stock Purchase, Squeeze Out Subordinated Repayments (b) any Incremental by Borrower general corporate purposes other legal its Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, Permitted Acquisitions permitted Investments, refinancings Indebtedness, Consolidated Capital Expenditures Payments).
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.9 , the Company shall use net proceeds from sale of Securities hereunder for general corporate purposes and not such proceeds: (a) satisfaction any portion Company’s debt (other than payment trade payables in ordinary course business prior practices contemplated by Pay-Off Letter), (b) redemption Common Stock or Equivalents (c) violation FCPA OFAC regulations.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without effect whatsoever on the between Company other Purchasers, written notice given at time Company, if Closing has not been consummated or before December 27, 2016; provided, however, that termination will affect right of party sue for breach (or parties). In event a Purchaser under this Section 5.1, shall promptly (and in within two (2) Business Days termination) refund all subscription amount.
This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original but all when taken together a single contract. Delivery signature page to this facsimile or other electronic transmission effective as delivery manually signed counterpart Amendment. The Company shall maintain insurance in such amounts and covering risks as is reasonable customary for the business which it engaged.
If Employee breaches any covenant set forth in Section 2 or 3 hereof, the term of such shall be extended by period duration breach. The covenants contained hereof construed as a series separate covenants, one for each country, province, state, city other political subdivision Restricted Territory. Except geographic coverage, deemed identical terms to hereof. If, judicial proceeding, court refuses enforce (or part thereof), Parent and agree that unenforceable part) eliminated from this Agreement extent necessary permit remaining portions thereof) enforced. provisions are exceed time, scope limitations permitted applicable law, reformed maximum limitations, case may be, law.
This Eighth Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall deemed to an original and all constitute one the same instrument. The validity, construction, interpretation and effect of the Plan Grant Instruments issued under shall exclusively be governed by determined in accordance with law Commonwealth Pennsylvania.
(a)(i) The audited consolidated balance sheets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2011 unaudited June 30, 2012 related statements operations cash flows for fiscal years or quarters, case may be, ended on such dates, reported by accompanied by, in annual financial statements, an unqualified report from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, present fairly all material respects condition date, results respective then ended. All including schedules notes thereto, have been prepared accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout periods involved (except approved aforementioned firm accountants disclosed therein).
The Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries own, or possess the right to use, all trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, franchises, licenses other intellectual property rights (collectively, “ IP Rights ”) that are reasonably necessary for operation their respective businesses, except where failure own use such would not be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. by any Subsidiary does infringe upon held Person, infringement Except as specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.18(a) , no claim litigation regarding foregoing is pending or, best knowledge Borrower, threatened, which, either individually aggregate, result
Neither any Loan Party nor Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to Contractual Obligation that would, either individually the aggregate, reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and continuing would result from consummation of transactions contemplated by this Consent other Document entered into connection Consent.
This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and governed by the laws of State New Jersey, without regard to conflicts law rules thereof. The Officer may take such weeks of vacation time as authorized by the Bank’s personnel policies and at periods during each year Chief Executive Corporation shall determine from to time. be entitled full compensation periods.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and thereupon amend restate in full Original Registration Rights Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Parties named herein their respective successors permitted assigns. No Party may assign either this or any his, her, its rights, interests, obligations hereunder without prior written approval Buyer Seller Representative.
EACH GUARANTOR HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN RESPECT OF LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, CONNECTION WITH, CREDIT DOCUMENT, COURSE CONDUCT, DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL WRITTEN) ACTIONS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, OTHER SECURED PARTY OBLIGOR THEREWITH. ACKNOWLEDGES AGREES THAT HAS RECEIVED FULL SUFFICIENT CONSIDERATION FOR THIS PROVISION (AND DOCUMENT WHICH IS PARTY) MATERIAL INDUCEMENT LENDER ISSUING ENTERING INTO DOCUMENTS.
WES shall use the proceeds of offering Purchased Common Units to fund a portion purchase contemplated by Contribution Agreement or for general partnership purposes. Any claim or controversy arising out of, relating to, this Agreement its breach, shall be settled by arbitration in Palm Beach County, Florida accordance with the governing rules of American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon award rendered may entered any court competent jurisdiction.
The provisions of this Amendment shall apply to each Outstanding Award Agreement only the extent that underlying has not previously been exercised, paid, cancelled, forfeited, terminated, or expired. Except as expressly amended hereby, terms and conditions remain in full force effect. This be governed by construed accordance with laws State Delaware, without giving effect conflicts principles thereof.
If at any time the Stockholder Representative shall incur out of pocket expenses in connection with exercise its duties hereunder, upon written notice to Corporate Taxpayer from documented costs and (including fees disbursements counsel accountants) incurred by performance rights or obligations under this Agreement taking all actions therewith, reduce future payments (if any) due Stockholders hereunder pro rata (based on their respective Applicable Percentages) amount such which it instead remit directly Representative. In not be required expend own funds (though, for avoidance doubt but without limiting provisions Section 7.13(b), may do so sole discretion).
The September 30, 2015 audited consolidated financial statements of Visa Inc. (which do not contain a “going concern” or like qualification exception), heretofore delivered otherwise made available to the Lenders, were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles effect on date such and fairly present all material respects condition operations its Subsidiaries at results their for periods then ended.
This Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents (i) has been duly validly executed delivered by Borrower, (ii) constitutes, or will constitute, legal, valid binding obligations enforceable against Borrower in accordance with its terms except to extent enforceability thereof is limited bankruptcy, insolvency laws affecting enforcement creditors' rights generally, general principles equity.
Any waiver, or failure to seek enforcement remedy for any breach suspected breach, of provision this Agreement by the Company Executive in instance shall not be deemed a waiver such future. During the Term of Employment, Company will pay to you a base salary at rate not less than $500,000 per annum (the “Base Salary”), which may increase, but decrease. Base Salary be paid in accordance with customary payroll practices and shall subject deductions required withholdings.
The Parties agree (a) to furnish upon request each other such further information, (b) execute and deliver documents, (c) do acts things not inconsistent with this Agreement, all as the Party may reasonably for purpose of carrying out intent Agreement Transaction Documents. In addition, without limitation foregoing, in event that PHMD or any its Subsidiaries (other than Radiancy Group) shall, following Closing, come into possession Business Assets, shall promptly cause transfer Assets Surviving Corporation take actions requested by memorialize transfer.
Licensor warrants that it has the full right and authority to execute perform pursuant this Agreement. Licensee This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each such counterpart shall deemed to an original instrument, and all counterparts together constitute but one agreement. Any contain or more signature pages.
Defined terms used in this Amendment shall have the meaning ascribed to them herein or Employment Agreement. Any and all differences, controversies, claims or disputes of any nature whatsoever arising out relating to this Agreement, including the interpretation, application, execution, breach, termination invalidity thereof (each, a “ Dispute ”), if not resolved through negotiations voluntary mediation, must be litigation.
The total consideration payable by the Purchaser to or for account of Stockholder in transactions contemplated hereby shall be a note form attached hereto as Exhibit C original principal amount $1,500,000 (the " Note "). Following Closing, (a) assign all his right, title and interest under NLO (b) cause its Newco Assignments Assignments, acknowledges agrees that Neil Singer, individual capacity, have no liability any outstanding obligations Borrower (as such term is defined therein) Note.
This Agreement shall be deemed to a contract under the Laws of Commonwealth Pennsylvania without regard its conflict laws principles. Each standby Letter Credit issued this subject either rules Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, as most recently published by International Chamber Commerce (the “ ICC ”) at time issuance (“ UCP or Standby Practices (ICC Publication Number 590) ISP98 ”), determined Issuing Lender, each trade UCP, in case extent not inconsistent therewith,
As compensation for Executive’s performance of duties hereunder, fiscal year 2015, Company shall pay to Executive an annualized base salary $250,000, less required deductions state and federal withholding tax, social security all other employment taxes payroll deductions, payable in accordance with the normal practices Company. Beginning 2016, Compensation Committee Company’s Board Directors (the “ ”) conduct annual review based on third party comparison data internal management recommendations. The increase will be evaluated after each implemented September year. In event under this Agreement is terminated by either party, any reason, earn prorated date termination.
Effective as of the Closing, Buyer will become solely responsible for all insurance coverage and related risk loss with respect to Purchased Assets Business. acknowledges that Assumed Liabilities under policies Seller its Affiliates shall terminate Closing and, following no claims may be brought against any policy Seller, or in regardless whether events underlying such claim arose prior after Closing. Without limiting being limited by other provision this Agreement, does not have right make maintained formerly
(a) The Borrower will, from time to on being required do so by the Facility Agent or Hermes Agent, procure doing of all such acts and/or execute execution documents in a form reasonably satisfactory (as case may be) as consider necessary for giving full effect any Credit Documents securing Agents Lenders them benefit rights, powers and remedies conferred upon Document.
Each Investor, on the one hand, and Company, other acknowledges agrees that irreparable injury to Parties hereto would occur in event any of provisions this Agreement were not performed accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached such be adequately compensable by remedies available at law (including payment money damages). It is accordingly agreed each hand (the “ Moving Party ”), shall entitled enforcement of, injunctive relief prevent violation hereof, will take action, directly indirectly, opposition seeking grounds remedy equity. This Section 8 exclusive for Agreement.
Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints DIP Agent as its agent and authorizes to take such actions on behalf exercise powers are delegated by terms hereof, together with reasonably incidental thereto. This Lease may be executed in one or more duplicate counterparts, each of which shall when taken together deemed to a fully original.
The Participant shall be required to pay the Company or any Affiliate and have right is hereby authorized withhold from payment due under this Agreement Plan compensation other amount owing (in cash, Shares, securities property) of applicable withholding taxes in respect Performance Units with take such action as may necessary opinion Administrator satisfy all obligations for taxes.
The term of the Lease Substitution Premises shall commence on Commencement Date and expire date that is 62 months thereafter (“Substitution Term”). The section and subsection headings contained in this Agreement are solely for the purpose of reference, not part agreement parties shall any way affect meaning or interpretation Agreement.
Any action at law, suit in equity or judicial proceeding arising directly, indirectly, otherwise connection with, out of, related to from this Agreement, any provision hereof, that is not required be submitted arbitration pursuant section 7(a) shall litigated only the courts of State North Carolina. Executive and Company consent jurisdiction such over subject matter set forth Section 7(c) . waives right may have transfer change venue litigation brought against by Company.
The Borrower will not, and not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into or be a party to transaction arrangement with Affiliate (excluding Subsidiary, but including Unrestricted other Affiliate) (an “ Applicable ”) (including, without limitation, the purchase from, sale exchange of property with, rendering service by for, Affiliate), except for (a) management services, operation maintenance agreements entered between one more SPEs on reasonable business terms, (b) transactions among its Subsidiaries in ordinary course Borrower’s such Subsidiary’s consistent past practices, (c) arrangements pursuant requirements upon fair terms no less favorable than would obtain comparable arm’s-length Person an Affiliate.
This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their successors permitted assignees. Agreement, Beattie’s rights obligations hereunder, may not assigned by parties, nor pledge, encumber or anticipate any payments benefits due operation of law otherwise. A failure by any party to assert its rights under this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such rights, nor implied from act or omission. No with respect right extend effect subsequent breach the terms hereof like different kind unless explicitly provides otherwise.
Borrower agrees to indemnify Lender from and against any all claims, losses liabilities, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees, growing out of or resulting this Agreement (including limitation enforcement Agreement), except liabilities solely directly Lender’s gross negligence willful misconduct. The indemnification provided for in Section shall survive the payment full Loan.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (any one of which need not contain the signatures more than Party), each will deemed to an original but all taken together constitute and same agreement. Agreement, any amendments hereto, extent signed delivered by means a facsimile machine or other electronic transmission, treated manner respects as agreement considered have binding legal effects if it were version thereof person.
The headings of the various provisions this Agreement are inserted for convenience reference only and shall not affect meaning or construction any provision. NCAP is a Nevada Corporation, duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of state Nevada. No waiver by any party hereto of failure or refusal other to comply with its obligations hereunder shall not be deemed a subsequent so comply. Any may waive compliance party, the respect other’s agreements set forth herein.
During Employee’s employment with the Company or Affiliated Companies, whether during Term of this Agreement outside Agreement, and after termination such for any reason, voluntary involuntary, Employee shall not, without prior written consent Chief Legal Officer (or person’s designee) as may be otherwise required by law legal process, communicate divulge Confidential Information to person entity other than their employees, those designated use except benefit Companies. Upon service subpoena, court order process requiring disclose Information, immediately provide notice content disclosed.
Mr. Schultz’s appointment and service as President CEO will end on May 12, 2016, the date successor of Bank commences employment with Bank. From 2016 until his retirement 31, Schultz be employed a non-executive employee Notwithstanding foregoing, Schultz’ is “at will” by law may terminated at any time, including without cause either party written notice (“Termination”). No other prior or subsequent oral representations, writings, course conduct anybody alter “at-will” nature relationship, nothing in this Agreement should construed to create relationship than specified herein. The all times modified only when permitted applicable writing signed both Bank, specifically amending respect issue relationship.
The Executive agrees that the covenants contained in Sections 5 through 8 of this Agreement are essence Agreement; each is reasonable and necessary to protect business, interests properties Employer, irreparable loss damage will be suffered by Employer should breach any such covenants. Therefore, consents that, addition all remedies provided law or equity, shall entitled seek a temporary restraining order permanent injunctions prevent contemplated Furthermore, other remedies, willful violation results material harm result immediate forfeiture remaining payment otherwise may become due under Section 4.2 4.3 , if applicable. agree available Executive, as applicable, cumulative.
Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto Participation Agreement. To reasonably cooperate with the Purchaser, at no out-of-pocket cost or expense to Seller, respect all matters related this Agreement. The Plan Administrator shall serve without bond (except as otherwise required by federal law) and compensation for his, her or its service such; but all expenses incurred in the administration of Trust be paid pursuant to Section 6.03 except extent Company.
For services performed by the President pursuant to this Agreement, Company shall pay a base salary of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00) per annum, payable in accordance with Company’s regular payroll practice subject any applicable tax and deductions (the “ Base Salary ”). The is annual increases sole discretion Board. Any compensation which may be paid under additional or incentive plan otherwise authorized from time Board addition entitled Agreement.
Article and paragraph headings are for reference only shall not affect the interpretation or meaning of any provisions this Agreement. The provisions of the following Sections this Agreement shall survive Closing and not be merged into execution delivery Deed: 3.1; last paragraph Section 4.2; 4.5; 5.3; 5.6; 8.1; 9.3; 10.1; 10.8; 10.12; 10.15; 10.16; 10.22; 10.23; 10.24; 10.25 10.28.
Borrower shall not wind up, liquidate, or dissolve itself, be a party to any merger consolidation, purchase otherwise acquire all substantially of the assets stock class of, partnership joint venture interest in, other Person, except that Subsidiary may merged with and into another Subsidiary, so long as such is surviving entity. not, sell, transfer, convey lease substantial part its assets, sell assign without recourse receivables, for (a) dispositions in ordinary course business (b) property Fiscal Year during term this Agreement which net book value aggregate does exceed 10% Borrower’s total consolidated shown on balance sheet most recent prior Year.
The occurrence of any the following events: (a) Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate fails to make full payment when due all amounts which is required pay as contributions, installments, otherwise with respect a Pension Plan Multiemployer Plan, and such failure could reasonably be expected result in liability excess $750,000, (b) an accumulated funding deficiency shortfall $750,000 occurs exists, whether not waived, individually aggregate, (c) Notification Event, either (d) completely partially withdraws from one more Plans incurs Withdrawal Liability due.
This Agreement will be governed under the internal laws of state Illinois without regard to principles conflicts laws. Executive agrees that and federal courts located in have exclusive jurisdiction any action, lawsuit or proceeding based on arising out this Agreement, hereby (a) submits personal such courts, (b) consents service process connection with suit, against Executive, (c) waives other requirement (whether imposed by statute, rule court, otherwise) respect jurisdiction, venue process.
This Agreement shall be governed by the internal law, and not law of conflicts, State _________. All capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings specified for such in Distribution Agreement or APA. During the Employment Term, Executive shall be entitled to four weeks of paid vacation days per calendar year (prorated for partial years) in accordance with Company’s policies, as effect from time time.
Any notice provided for in this Agreement must be writing and either personally delivered, transmitted via telecopier, mailed by first class mail (postage prepaid return receipt requested) or sent reputable overnight courier service (charges prepaid) to the recipient at address below indicated such other attention of person as party has specified prior written sending party. Notices will deemed have been given hereunder received when delivered personally, if five days after deposit U.S. one day delivery with a service.
This Assignment (including the recitals to this which are incorporated herein), and Agreement set forth entire understanding agreement of parties hereto, shall supersede any other agreements understandings (written or oral) between Assignor Assignee on prior date respecting matters herein. No amendment modification terms Assignment, waiver covenant, obligation, breach default under termination (other than as expressly provided in Assignment), be valid unless writing executed delivered by Assignee.
The Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are, after giving effect to the financing transactions referred herein will be continue be, Solvent. The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies procedures designed to promote achieve compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries their respective directors, officers, employees agents with Anti-Corruption Laws applicable Sanctions.
GSK and the Company each agree acknowledge that a portion of Shares purchased hereunder are being pursuant to Section 2.1(d)(ii) Governance Agreement for October 1 December 31, 2015 period execution delivery this shall be deemed as adequate timely notice, Agreement, GSK’s election purchase such from with respect three month period. consummation by it transactions contemplated hereby do not violate, conflict or result in breach termination of, constitute default under terms any existing agreement between its affiliates, on one hand, other hand.
The Company shall reimburse the Purchaser for any reasonable expenses incurred by Designee in connection with performing his or her duties as a member of Board, committee Board subcommittee such committee, same manner as, and to extent that, Other Members are reimbursed expenses. take all actions necessary ensure that (a) is covered made named insured under director officer liability insurance policies other similar may be maintained on behalf (b) granted rights exculpation, indemnification advancement organizational documents Company.
(a) Borrower shall pay interest to Lender on the outstanding balance of Loan at Rate. All computations be made by basis a 360-day year, in each case for actual number days occurring period which such or fee is payable. In no event will charge rate exceeding highest permissible under any law that court competent jurisdiction shall, final determination, deem applicable.
No specific provision contained in this Certificate of Designation shall limit or modify any more general herein. This be deemed to jointly drafted by the Company and all initial holder Series A Preferred Stock not construed against person as drafter hereof. The Administrative Agent shall have received unaudited Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as October 4, 2015 related interim statements income retained earnings.
Any payments to be made or benefits provided by the Company any affiliate thereof pursuant this Article III other provision hereof which requires receipt of a release from Executive, shall subject Company's Executive an effective general and agreement not sue, in written form satisfactory (the " Release "). Notwithstanding due date payment hereunder requiring Release, obligated make such until after expiration revocation period applicable Release.
The Company and the Participant shall comply with all federal state laws regulations respecting required withholding, deposit payment of any income, employment or other taxes relating to Award (including Dividend Equivalents). withhold employer’s minimum statutory withholding based upon rates for purposes, including payroll that are applicable such supplemental taxable income. Any by in form Common Stock not be permitted if it would result an accounting charge respect shares used pay unless otherwise approved Committee.
Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, do or to be done all things necessary preserve, renew keep in full force effect legal existence the rights, licenses, permits, privileges franchises material conduct business; provided that (i) foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation , dissolution restricted under this Agreement (ii) none Parties required if Lead Borrower should reasonably determine (a) preservation maintenance thereof is no longer desirable business Parent Holdings Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (b) failure maintain preserve same would expected, aggregate, result Adverse Effect.
Any term or provision of this Guarantee any other Credit Document to the contrary notwithstanding, Guarantor will execute and all further documents, financing statements, registrations, agreements instruments, take such actions (including filing recording statements registrations), which may be required under applicable law, Administrative Agent reasonably request, effectuate transactions contemplated by Documents grant, preserve, protect perfect Liens created intended Agreement validity priority Lien, at expense Guarantor.
The terms and provisions of Exhibit A hereto are incorporated herein as if fully set forth herein. The provisions of this Agreement that contemplate performance after the Closing and obligations parties not fully performed at shall survive be deemed to merged into or waived by instruments Closing. This Amendment shall in all respects be subject to, and governed by, the laws of Province Alberta without giving effect to its conflict principles.
The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Credit Party to, promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent, or Required Lenders through (a) correct any material defect error that may be discovered in Loan Document execution, acknowledgment, filing recordation thereof, (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register re-register all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances instruments related to of collateral securing Secured Obligations as reasonably require from time order carry out more effectively purposes Documents.
No remedy conferred upon either party by this Agreement is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy, and each every such shall cumulative in addition given hereunder or now hereafter existing at law equity. delay omission exercising right, power equity construed as a waiver thereof, may exercised from time often deemed expedient necessary party’s sole discretion.
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or set forth in Schedule 2.28 , (a) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns, possesses adequate rights use, all Intellectual Property that are used held for use otherwise necessary present conduct their respective businesses, (b) Company’s Knowledge, interfering with, infringing upon, misappropriating violating any Person, (c) (i) no claim litigation regarding owned by is pending or, threatened (ii) other described Section threatened.
The Company has in full force and effect insurance policies, with extended coverage, insuring the its property business against such losses risks, amounts, as are customary for corporations engaged a similar similarly situated otherwise may be required pursuant to terms of any other contract or agreement. This Contract shall be governed by the Federal laws of United States America and state California, excluding conflict law rules that dictate application in other jurisdictions.
Schedule 3.6 annexed hereto sets forth the name and jurisdiction of organization each Subsidiary Borrower as Closing Date and, to such Subsidiary, percentage class Capital Stock owned by any Loan Party Date, (b) there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements commitments (other than stock options restricted granted employees directors directors’ qualifying shares) nature relating Guarantors directly Parties that included in Collateral, except created Documents permitted under Section 6.2.
No notice to, filing with, or authorization, registration, consent approval of any Governmental Authority is necessary for the execution, delivery performance this Agreement consummation transactions contemplated by Transaction Documents Buyer, except (a) filings, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals required under, other applicable requirements of, HSR Act FTC Order, (b) those failure which to make obtain would not individually in aggregate, reasonably be expected have a material adverse effect on ability Buyer perform its obligations under consummate Documents.
Comply in all material respects with its Organization Documents and the requirements of Laws orders, writs, injunctions decrees any Governmental Authority applicable to it or business property (including without limitation ERISA Sanctions Regulations, OFAC FCPA), except if failure comply therewith would not reasonably be expected individually aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Borrowers shall pay to Agent the fees set forth in Fee Letters amounts and on dates therein which be fully earned non-refundable when paid. Schedule 1(b)(i) sets forth as of the Closing Date a complete and accurate list all Patents, Trademarks Copyrights registered with United States Patent Trademark Office or Copyright Office, applicable, applications therefor, held by each Obligors.
Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience reference only, not part this Guaranty to affect construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, Guaranty. This Agreement and the Employment contain entire understanding agreement between Company Grantee concerning Market Stock Units granted hereby, supersede any prior or contemporaneous negotiations understandings. The have made no promises, agreements, conditions, understandings relating to Units, either orally in writing, that are not included this Agreement.
This Change in Control Agreement, together with the Offer Letter, and Retention Agreement dated January 1, 2016, as amended, contain entire agreement between you Company concerning your employment Company, supersede any previous agreements or understandings, whether written oral. The parties acknowledge agree that this does not affect at-will nature of relationship Company. Except otherwise amended all provisions Letter amendments thereto, shall remain full force effect. may be solely a document executed on behalf both parties.
Nothing in this Agreement should any way be deemed (i) a waiver of the Specified Defaults or Other Default term provision Notes (ii) an agreement to forbear from exercising rights remedies with respect (except as expressly set forth herein) Default. The Holders have not waived released, are by waiving releasing, and no present intention Default, thereto, all which hereby reserved. Any shall effective only if written instrument executed delivered accordance provisions Notes.
Notwithstanding any other provision hereof to the contrary, no sale or disposition of an interest in Company may be made except compliance with all federal, state and applicable laws, including federal securities laws. Nothing this Section 7.5 shall construed limit otherwise affect provisions Securityholders Agreement Management Grant Agreements, extent such apply, they are then as being incorporated a part hereof.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower Administrative Agent, sell participations to Person (other than a natural person Holdings, of their Affiliates Subsidiaries) (each, “ Participant ”) in all portion such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitment Loans L/C-BA Obligations Swing Line Loans) owing it); provided that (i) shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto for performance and (iii) Borrower, Lenders L/C Issuer continue deal directly with connection Agreement. For avoidance doubt, Agent (in capacity as Agent) have no responsibility maintaining Register.
The Company will employ Executive as its [ ] reporting to [the Company’s Chief Officer (“ CEO ”) and] Board of Directors (the “ ”), and accepts employment serve in this capacity, all upon the terms conditions Agreement. have those duties responsibilities that are consistent with Executive’s position ], determined by Board. reserves right, sole discretion, change or modify position, title during term Agreement, subject rights under Section 7(e) .
No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification discharge is agreed to in writing signed by the Executive and other officer Company as specifically designated Board. waiver either party hereto at any time breach hereto, compliance with condition performed shall deemed a similar dissimilar provisions conditions same prior subsequent time. agreements representations, oral otherwise, express implied, respect subject matter hereof have been made which are not set forth expressly Agreement. The validity, interpretation, construction performance governed laws state New Jersey without regard its conflicts law principles.
Should any provision of this Agreement be held unenforceable or invalid under the Laws United States America State Indiana, other applicable jurisdiction, then Parties agree that such shall deemed reformed and modified for purposes performance in jurisdiction to extent necessary render it lawful enforceable, if a reformation modification is not possible without materially altering intention Parties, severed herefrom jurisdiction. The validity remaining provisions affected by severance.
This Agreement constitutes an amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement, effective from after Closing Date. The execution delivery this shall not constitute a novation any indebtedness or other obligations owing to Lenders Administrative Agent under based on facts events occurring existing prior Agreement. On Date, credit facilities described in be amended, supplemented, modified restated their entirety by herein, all loans Borrower outstanding as such date deemed corresponding without further action Person, except that make transfers funds are necessary order balance Loans, together with Loans funded reflect respective Revolving Commitments hereunder.
If the transactions contemplated herein are not consummated, or following occurrence of a Termination Date, if applicable, nothing shall be construed as waiver by any Party all such Party’s rights, and Parties expressly reserve their respective rights. The acknowledge that this Agreement, Plan, negotiations relating hereto part proposed settlement matters could otherwise subject litigation. Pursuant to Rule 408 Federal Rules Evidence, applicable state rules evidence, other law, foreign domestic, related documents, thereto admissible into evidence in proceeding than enforce terms Agreement.
Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is in compliance all material respects with the requirements of Laws orders, writs, injunctions decrees applicable to it or its properties, except such instances which (a) requirement Law order, writ, injunction decree being contested good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted (b) failure comply therewith, either individually aggregate, could not reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. Borrower Subsidiaries has complied Federal Fair Labor Standards Act.
The headings of the sections this Agreement are for convenience only and not binding on any interpretation Agreement. The parties agree that at the Closing, each of Prior Agreements shall be terminated automatically without any further action by either party, provided, that, all provisions expressly or their nature provide for rights, obligations, remedies extend beyond termination Agreement survive and remain in full force effect.
All notices, requests, consents and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing delivered by hand, sent fax, or nationally recognized overnight courier mailed first class certified registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid to the address of each party as set forth on Schedule 7 annexed hereto. Neither this Agreement nor any rights or duties of a party hereto may be assigned by such party, in whole part, without (a) the prior written consent Company case assignment an Investor; (b) Investor Company.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement the other Transaction Documents, performance KaloBios’ obligations hereunder thereunder assignments licenses to be granted pursuant Documents do not will (a) conflict with or violate any requirement applicable Law; (b) certificate incorporation, bylaws organizational documents KaloBios; (c) with, violate, breach constitute a default under material contractual KaloBios its Affiliates; (d) Government authorization, permit consent. No Person has right cause effect registration Securities Act securities Affiliates, neither nor Affiliates is party otherwise bound by oral written contract agreement that would prevent restrict ability register for resale Warrant Shares limit amount could Act.
(h) Each Lender shall have the right at any time to sell one or more participations Person (other than Lead Borrower of its Subsidiaries Affiliates (excluding Affiliate Lenders)) in all part Revolving Advances Commitments other Obligation; provided , that (x) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement remain unchanged, (y) solely responsible parties hereto for performance and (z) Borrowers, Agents, Issuers Lenders continue deal directly with connection rights Agreement. For avoidance doubt, each be indemnity Section 9.10 respect payments made by participants.
(a) Any notice or other instrument in writing, authorized required by this Agreement to be given Securities Intermediary, shall sufficiently if addressed Intermediary and received it at its offices 101 Barclay Street, New York, York 10286, such place as may from time designate writing. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein (including in the preliminary statements hereto) have meanings assigned to them Restated Credit Agreement for all purposes of this Amendment Agreement.
Any notice required to be given RGP pursuant this Agreement, shall in writing and deemed have been sufficiently either when served personally or via facsimile addressed the appropriate party. Employee Agreement personally, by first class mail facsimile. Notices effective only to: Chief Legal Officer, Resources Global Professionals, 17101 Armstrong Avenue, Irvine, California 92614; (714) 430-6424. Notice .
The Borrowers shall, and shall cause each of their Subsidiaries to, (a) comply with all Requirements Law restrictive covenants affecting such Person or the business, Property, assets operations Person, (b) obtain maintain as needed Permits necessary for its (including, without limitation, operation Projects) in good standing, except where noncompliance either clause above is not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect Mall Owner Effect; provided , however that Environmental, Health Safety Person. will effect enforce policies procedures designed ensure compliance by Borrowers, respective directors, officers, employees agents Anti-Corruption Laws applicable Sanctions.
This Agreement and the agreements documents referred to herein contain entire agreement understanding among parties hereto with respect subject matter hereof and, except as expressly provided in Section 7.2(f) , supersede all prior understandings, whether written or oral, relating such any way. By establishing the Plan, granting awards under and entering into this Agreement, Company does not give Grantee any right to continue be employed by or entitled remuneration benefits set forth in Agreement Plan .
This Agreement, together with all exhibits hereto, embody the entire understanding between Parties relating to subject matter hereof and supersede prior understandings agreements, whether written or oral, including that certain Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement dated May 15, 2015 Licensor AAVLife SAS. All “Confidential Information” (as defined in such Agreement) disclosed by one Party other pursuant shall be deemed of disclosing under this (unless until it falls within exclusions set forth Section 1.9). may not varied except a document signed duly authorized representatives both Parties.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that he has carefully read this Agreement Release understands it is a release of all claims, known unknown, past or present including claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act. He further entered into for above stated consideration. warrants fully competent to execute which be contractual. executes his own free will, after having reasonable period time review, study deliberate regarding its meaning effect, being advised consult an attorney, without reliance on any representation kind character not expressly set forth herein. Finally, knowing effect voluntarily consideration above.
Subject to the DIP Orders, each of Parent and Borrower will, will cause Subsidiaries to, do or be done all things necessary preserve, renew keep in full force effect its legal existence rights, licenses, permits, privileges franchises material conduct their business, except where failure so could not reasonably expected have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that foregoing shall prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation dissolution permitted under Section 6.03.
In the event that any paragraph, section, sentence, clause or phrase contained in this Agreement becomes is held by court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, null void against public policy, remaining paragraphs, sections, sentences, clauses phrases shall not affected thereby. This Agreement shall be governed, construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with its express terms, otherwise the substantive laws of Commonwealth Virginia without reference to principles conflicts law or any other jurisdiction, where applicable, United States.
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN SEPARATION AGREEMENT OR AS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SPINCO AGREES THAT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL PARENT ITS AFFILIATES BE RESPONSIBLE FOR PERFORMANCE ANY RESPECT OF SUBJECT CONTRACTS COMPANY LOSS DAMAGE ARISING OUT RELATED SPINCO’S AFTER EFFECTIVE DATE THIS AGREEMENT. SPINCO, ON BEHALF ITSELF AND OTHER COMPANIES, FOREVER WAIVES, RELEASES DISCHARGES FROM ALL CAUSES ACTION WHATSOEVER AT LAW EQUITY MAY ARISE CONNECTION WITH
Except as provided herein, this Agreement contains the entire agreement between Company and Executive with respect to subject matter hereof and, from after Effective Date, shall supersede any other (including Cash America Severance Agreement) parties hereof. By entering into Agreement, hereby waives all rights compensation and/or severance benefits under (including, without limitation, payable upon a Qualifying Termination, such term is defined in result of transactions contemplated by Merger Agreement).
This Assignment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Assignor, Assignee their respective successors assigns. The parties execute deliver such further additional instruments, agreements, other documents as may necessary evidence or carry out provisions this Assignment. Except as expressly provided herein, you acknowledge and agree that are not entitled to will receive any additional compensation, wages, reimbursement, severance, or benefits from the Company.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you Company concerning compensation to be paid all of terms conditions your employment supersedes prior agreements same, whether written or oral, except as specifically set forth herein. Each party agrees pay reasonable attorney’s fees costs incurred by other if is successful in enforcing its rights under this any court action, arbitration proceeding. may not modified amended instrument duly executed each parties. A waiver either term condition breach thereof shall deemed constitute a subsequent hereof. The parties agree are retroactive May 1, 2015.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Hawaii, without reference to principles conflict thereof. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, the representations, warranties and covenants of Saltzman contained Agreement will survive any termination Saltzman’s employment with CFI its Affiliates through until expiration Restricted Period.
Each Holder hereby represents and warrants to TPB that it owns beneficially exclusively of record has good, valid marketable title the Warrant set forth opposite such Holder’s name on Schedule 1 free clear any security interest, lien, claim, pledge, proxy, option, right first refusal, agreement, voting restriction, limitation disposition, charge, adverse claim ownership or use other encumbrance kind full right, power authority sell, transfer deliver Warrant, does not own, directly indirectly, purchase common units Intrepid than Warrant.
Schedule 7.1.(f) is, as of the Agreement Fourth Amendment Effective Date, a complete and correct listing all real estate assets Loan Parties other Subsidiaries. 4.1. attached hereto Borrowing Base Properties owned by Non-Loan Party BB Property Subsidiaries . Each have good, marketable legal title to, or valid leasehold interest in, their respective (subject to Permitted Liens and, in case that are not , prohibited this Agreement). No any ownership Borrower Subsidiary directly indirectly owns is subject Lien than Liens. Unless otherwise waived accordance with terms Agreement, each included Unencumbered Pool satisfies applicable requirements under Section 4.2.
This Agreement and Employee’s employment hereunder shall continue during the Term thereafter until terminated as provided herein. Upon termination of this hereunder, Employee immediately resign from any officer, director or other position in which she is serving on behalf Company Affiliate, tender her resignation a all Affiliates Company. The Participant and the Company agree that this Agreement, portions of Original Agreement expressly incorporated herein, set forth entire agreement between regarding subject matter referenced herein supersede all prior contemporaneous understandings agreements, both written oral, with respect to such matters, including without limitation (except as herein).
NuGene shall indemnify Kharazmi to the fullest extent permitted by NuGene’s Bylaws and applicable Delaware law. The Parties further agree that all liabilities incurred in his capacity as Chairman be for account of NuGene, not personally liable therefore. or any its respective subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, officers, directors, agents, representatives, successors, assigns, stockholders, their subsidiaries shall, hereby agrees to, indemnify, defend hold harmless from against damages and/or loss liability (including, without limitation, cost defense thereof), acts omissions performance service under within scope this Agreement on part Kharazmi, other than which are deemed grossly negligent criminal nature.
Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc. (the “ Company ”) has adopted this Second Amended and Restated Executive Change in Control Severance Benefit Plan (this to provide for the payment of severance or change control benefits Eligible Individuals (as defined below). The was approved by Board Directors be effective as September 26, 2016 Effective Date ”).
This Warrant Agreement and the Certificates constitute entire agreement of Company, Agent Beneficial Owners Warrantholders with respect to subject matter hereof supersede all prior agreements undertakings, both written oral, among hereof. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each such counterpart hereof shall deemed to an original instrument, but all counterparts together constitute one agreement.
Such Credit Party will, and will cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, make, execute, endorse, acknowledge deliver any amendments, modifications or supplements hereto restatements hereof other agreements, instruments documents, take all such actions, as may from time to be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent Required Lenders effect, confirm further assure protect preserve interests, rights remedies under this Agreement Documents.
No Credit Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into to exist transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease exchange property rendering service) with officer, director Affiliate Holdings on terms that are less favorable such Subsidiary, as case may be, than those might be obtained in a comparable arm’s length at time from Person who is not an Subsidiaries; provided , foregoing restriction apply (a) between among Parties and (b) normal reasonable compensation reimbursement expenses officers directors ordinary course business.
This Option Agreement, the Notice and Offer Letter constitute entire agreement understanding of parties relating to subject matter herein supersede all prior discussions between them. Any agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning this are superseded. No modification amendment nor any waiver rights under shall be effective unless in writing signed by Agreement. The failure either party enforce Agreement not construed as a such party.
The CIRR Fee shall be payable by the Borrower in EUR quarterly arrears from date of commencement period described Section 3.5 and, if applicable, on earliest (i) falling sixty (60) days prior to expected Disbursement Date, (ii) thirty-two (32) after which elects Floating Rate pursuant 3.3.2 or, as any portion Loan converted a 3.3.3 , such so converts Loan, (iii) upon Facility Agent has provided written notice that Lenders will not advance because Commitments have been terminated 8.2 or 8.3 and (iv) other terminated.
Seller shall keep the Property insured under its current or comparable policies (evidence of which have been provided to Purchaser as part Deliverables), including, but not limited, Seller’s coverage against fire and other hazards. No broker, finder, financial advisor or investment banker, other than Lazard Middle Market LLC (whose fees shall be included in Seller Expenses), is entitled to any broker’s, finder’s, advisor’s, banker’s fee commission similar payment connection with the Transactions based upon arrangements made by on behalf of Sellers.
Tenant represents and warrants that it has not directly or indirectly dealt, with respect to the leasing of office space in Building, any broker had its attention called Premises other let etc. by anyone than broker, person firm, if any, designated Exhibit 1. agrees defend, exonerate save harmless indemnify Landlord claiming by, through under against claims for a commission arising out execution delivery this Lease negotiations between provided shall be solely responsible payment brokerage commissions as Landlord’s Broker pay Tenant’s Broker, pursuant separate agreements Broker.
This Award Agreement shall be binding upon any successor of the Company, in accordance with terms this and Plan. In the event of a Change in Control, any then-unvested PSUs shall vest accordance with Appendix A and become immediately vested on effective date termination Participant’s Continuous Service if, within twenty-four (24) months following is terminated by (i) Company or Subsidiary without Cause (ii) Participant for Good Reason.
This Agreement and any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements hereto may be executed in number of counterparts (including by facsimile electronic delivery (PDF), different parties separate counterparts, each which when so delivered shall deemed an original, but all constitute one the same instrument. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall deemed to an original, but all constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery counterpart a signature page this by fax, emailed pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces image actual effective as delivery manually Amendment.
All representations and warranties made hereunder in any other Loan Document or document delivered pursuant hereto thereto connection herewith therewith shall survive the execution delivery hereof thereof. Such have been will be relied upon by Administrative Agent each Lender, regardless of investigation Lender on their behalf notwithstanding that may had notice knowledge Default at time funding Loan, continue full force effect until Payment Full Obligations.
Prior to the Closing Time, Seller shall (i) maintain Assets in customary repair, order, and condition, reasonable wear tear damage by fire or other unavoidable casualty excepted; (ii) insurance on consistent with its historical practices all risk of loss be Seller; (iii) remain substantial compliance any obligations it has under Assumed Contracts otherwise relating maintenance upon Assets.
Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution delivery of by Purchaser, performance it hereunder consummation transactions contemplated herein have been duly authorized manager(s) no other limited liability company proceedings on part are necessary authorize Agreement, hereby. This executed delivered constitutes a valid binding obligation enforceable against in accordance with terms, except extent that such enforceability may be applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization or similar laws affecting rights creditors generally general principles equity.
This Agreement may be terminated by Purchaser, as to Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the between Company written notice other party, if Closing has not been consummated or before December 5, 2016 [1] ; provided , however that such termination will affect right of party sue for breach party.
Except as disclosed to the Administrative Agent by Borrower in writing from time after Amendment Signing Date, (a) Schedule 4.15 (i) sets forth name and jurisdiction of organization each Subsidiary and, such Subsidiary, percentage class Capital Stock owned any Loan Party (ii) identifies all Unrestricted Subsidiaries (b) there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements commitments (other than stock options granted employees directors directors’ qualifying shares) nature relating Borrower, except extent permitted Documents.
Any action which may be brought in a court of law with respect to this Agreement the courts Province British Columbia, and Executive accepts for himself Executive’s property, generally unconditionally, jurisdiction these courts. The irrevocably waives any objection, including, but not limited to, objection laying venue or based on grounds forum non conveniens , now hereafter have bringing those jurisdictions.
The business and operations of Steampunk have been are being conducted materially in accordance with all applicable Laws Orders. has not received notice any violation (or Proceeding involving an allegation violation) Law or Order by affecting and, to the Knowledge Steampunk, no proceeding is threatened contemplated. To it complied federal state securities laws connection offer, sale distribution its securities. At time that sold Shares Sellers, was entitled use exemptions provided Securities Act 1933 (the “ ”) relative shares.
The representations and warranties of SB RS set forth in Section 3 this Agreement shall be true correct as the date Assignment Date, though made on Date (except that speak a specified have been only such date), except where failure to so (without regard qualification or exceptions contained therein “materiality” “SB Material Adverse Effect”) would not reasonably likely have, individually aggregate, Effect.
The Company and its Subsidiaries have filed or caused to be all Federal, state, national other tax returns reports required filed, paid taxes, assessments, fees governmental charges levied imposed upon them their properties, income assets otherwise due payable, except (a) those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted for adequate reserves been provided accordance with GAAP (b) as could not, individually the aggregate, reasonably expected a Material Adverse Effect. There is no proposed assessment against any Subsidiary that would, if made, As of Effective Date, neither Loan Party nor thereof party sharing agreement.
This Agreement, the Purchase Agreement and other agreements documents referred to herein are intended by parties as a final expression of their agreement be complete exclusive statement understanding hereto in respect subject matter contained therein. There no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, than those set forth with rights granted Company any its Affiliates Purchasers respective therein supersede all prior understandings between such matter.
Any notice, demand or request required permitted to be given by the Company Adaptive pursuant terms of this Agreement shall in writing and deemed when delivered personally, one day after being an overnight courier national reputation for next priority delivery, upon delivery (if prior 5:00 p.m. recipient ’ s local time on a business day, otherwise day) facsimile electronic mail (with hard copy follow carrier non-priority delivery), addressed parties at addresses and/or telephone number/electronic address set forth end Agreement, such other as party may notifying writing.
After giving effect to such change in registration, the insurance requirements of Section 10 are satisfied respect applicable Aircraft. This Agreement and the LTIP constitute entire agreement understanding of parties hereto with respect to matters described herein, supersede any all prior and/or contemporaneous agreements understandings, oral or written, between parties.
Subject to entry of the PPA and BCA Approval Order, this Agreement will have been, subject Disclosure Statement Confirmation each other Transaction be, duly executed delivered by Company Debtors party thereto. Upon Order assuming due valid execution delivery hereof Commitment Parties, Obligations constitute legally binding obligations and, extent applicable, Debtors, enforceable against in accordance with their respective terms, bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium similar Laws now or hereafter effect relating creditor’s rights generally general principles equity. Agreements Parties any parties thereof, hereunder thereunder
Set forth on Exhibit 12.1(f) attached hereto is a list of all material Approvals or Consents required to own, operate use the Facility Business ( “Required Permits” ). All Required Permits are in full force and effect not subject any claim, default, condition, sanction, limitation penalty. Kindred has delivered New Operator true, correct complete copies most recent necessary for occupancy operation Business.
In the event any provision of this Agreement shall be held illegal or invalid for reason, illegality invalidity not affect remaining parts Agreement, and construed enforced as if had been included. Further, captions are part provisions hereof have no force effect. Each party's obligations under this Section 3.4 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Administrative Agent any assignment rights by, of, a Lender, termination Commitments and repayment, satisfaction discharge all Loan Document.
To the knowledge of Seller, neither this Agreement nor any other Transaction Document furnished to Buyer by Seller contains untrue statement a material fact or omits state necessary in order make statements contained herein therein, light circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and representation warranties Article III are true correct all respects on as Closing Date though made that date (except with respect such representations address matters only particular date, date).
Seller’s execution, delivery and compliance with, performance of the terms provisions of, this Agreement, sale Asset, will not (i) conflict with or result in any violation its organizational documents, (ii) provision bond, note other instrument indebtedness, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed trust, loan agreement, lease agreement to which Seller is a party individual capacity, (iii) violate Applicable Law relating assets properties.
The term of a SAR shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, but no event exceed ten (10) years from Date Grant; provided that, each granted tandem with Stock Option terminate upon termination or exercise related Option. Executive shall serve as the Company’s Vice-President of Finance, with such duties are customarily associated position for a public company. Notwithstanding foregoing, report to and perform specific responsibilities assigned him by Chief Financial Officer.
This Voting Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto separate each of which when shall deemed to an original but all taken together constitute same agreement. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, and together constitute one the same instrument.
The Grantee shall, not later than the date as of which receipt this Award becomes a taxable event for Federal income tax purposes, pay to Company or make arrangements satisfactory Administrator payment any Federal, state, and local taxes required by law be withheld on account such event. shall have authority cause minimum withholding obligation satisfied, in whole part, from shares Stock issued number with an aggregate Fair Market Value that would satisfy amount due.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Administrative Agent an Assignment Assumption, together with a processing recordation fee in amount of $3,500; provided , however that may, its sole discretion, elect waive such case any assignment. assignee or Qualified Institutional Buyer, if it is not Lender, Questionnaire.
Establish, maintain, contribute to or become obligated incur any liability in respect of ERISA Plan suffer permit member the Controlled Group do so. THIS AMENDMENT WILL BE DEEMED TO A CONTRACT MADE UNDER AND GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF STATE NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401 5-1402 GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW YORK).
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS AGREEMENT OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT THEORY). (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
The properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound reputable insurance companies (not Affiliates Borrower) in such amounts, deductibles covering risks as customarily carried by engaged similar businesses similarly situated. This Agreement contains all understandings, promises and representations between Employee the Released Parties pertaining to subject matters hereof supersedes replaces in full prior contemporaneous agreements, promises, warranties, both written oral, with respect such matters.
The Lenders party hereto hereby consent to the release by Administrative Agent of Mortgaged Property described on Schedule A and all Liens related thereto. agrees execute promptly deliver Borrowers (at sole expense Borrowers), documents, releases liens, mortgage satisfactions, discharges, terminations or other documentation reasonably requested take additional steps as may be necessary terminate its security interests in such evidence this consent. parties further agree that from after date Amendment, unless otherwise agreed Borrowers, shall deemed not included for purposes Credit Agreement Loan Documents.
If (a) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement collected enforced through any legal proceeding Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under enforce provisions (b) there occurs bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership Company other proceedings affecting Company’s creditors’ rights and involving a claim Note, then shall pay reasonable costs expenses incurred by such collection, connection with proceeding, including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees disbursements.
The Administrative Committee will establish procedures to protect the voting and tender offer rights of Participants Beneficiaries ensure that manner in which each Participant or Beneficiary exercises his is confidential with respect management Company. The Board may terminate the Plan at any time. After such termination, no further amounts shall be deferred under Plan, and Account balances paid in accordance with Section 5.
The Agreement, as amended by this Amendment No. 2 (as so amended, the “Amended Agreement”), contains entire understanding between parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof and shall supersede terminate any prior understandings, agreements, obligations or representations, written oral, relating hereof, including, but not limited Agreement originally executed. agree that Amended is result of negotiations language be construed for against particular party.
Each Party (i) irrevocably consents to submit itself the exclusive jurisdiction of any federal or state court sitting in Borough Manhattan, New York event dispute arises out this Agreement transactions contemplated by and (ii) waives objection that it may now hereafter have venue such was brought an inconvenient forum, agrees not plead claim same.
The Borrower shall furnish a copy of this Guaranty to the Lender at closing Loan. Unless otherwise specifically defined in this First Amendment, each term used herein which is the Lease shall have meaning assigned to such Lease. Each reference “hereof”, “hereunder”, “herein”, “hereby”, and other similar “this Lease”, contained from date of Amendment refer as amended by Amendment.
This Agreement embodies the entire agreement of parties hereto respecting matters within its scope. As date hereof, this supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements that directly or indirectly bear upon subject matter hereof. Any negotiations, correspondence, agree-ments, proposals understandings relating to hereof shall be deemed no force effect, any such other commitments, writings have further rights obligations thereunder. There are representations, warranties, agreements, whether express implied, oral written, with respect except as expressly set forth herein.
This Security Joinder Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts each which when so and delivered shall deemed an original, it not necessary making proof this to produce or account for more than one such counterpart by the Joining Grantor. The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive accepts such employment perform Executive’s duties responsibilities, in accordance with the terms, conditions provisions hereinafter set forth.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each which when delivered, shall deemed an original all taken together, constitute one the same agreement. Delivery signature page to this facsimile transmission or other electronic image scan as effective delivery a manually signed counterpart Agreement.
No failure or delay on the part of an Agent any Lender in exercising right, power privilege hereunder under other Credit Document and no course dealing between Borrower Party shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor single partial exercise preclude further thereof thereunder. The rights, powers remedies herein expressly provided are cumulative not exclusive which would otherwise have. notice to demand case entitle similar circumstances constitute rights action without demand.
Each of Holdings, Parent Borrower and each its Subsidiaries has (a) timely filed or caused to be all federal Tax Returns material state, local foreign materials required have been by it such are true correct in respects (b) duly paid, collected remitted Taxes (whether not shown on any Return) due payable, collectible remittable assessments received it, except (i) that being contested good faith appropriate proceedings for which Person set aside books adequate reserves accordance with GAAP (ii) could reasonably expected, individually the aggregate, result a Material Adverse Effect. made provision yet payable. is unaware proposed pending tax assessments, deficiencies audits
No consents or approvals of any public body authority and no waivers from other parties to leases, licenses, franchises, permits, indentures, agreements instruments are (i) required for the lawful consummation transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) necessary in order that business currently conducted by Company can be Purchaser same manner after Closing as heretofore Company, nor will hereby result creating, accelerating increasing liability except where failure foregoing would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
All capitalized terms in this Notice shall have the meaning assigned to them or Company’s 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. This Agreement, together with the Exhibits hereto and other Loan Documents constitutes entire agreement among Parties respect to subject matter contained in this supersedes all prior agreements, understandings negotiations between Parties.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate earlier of (a) twelve (12) months after or (b) completion all Services to be provided by Service Provider under this (the “ Initial Term ”), unless terminated Section 4. may extended, either in whole with respect one more Services, mutual written agreement Parties, consent which extension each Party’s absolute discretion (a Renewal ,” together Term, ”); further that any is subject a behalf Recipient during at price mutually agreed upon writing Parties.
Servicer is solvent and there shall not have been commenced by or against the any voluntary involuntary bankruptcy petition, nor has made an offer assignment compromise for benefit of creditors. All communications and notices hereunder shall (except as otherwise expressly permitted herein) be in writing given provided Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement. to any Subsidiary it care Company
The proceeds of the Loans will be used only for, and Letters Credit issued to support, (i) repayment existing Indebtedness Company its Subsidiaries (ii) general corporate purposes Borrowers, including, but not limited to, funding acquisitions, investments, redevelopments, expansions, renovations, construction, capital expenditures working needs. No part any Loan used, whether directly or indirectly, for purpose that entails a violation Regulations Board, including T, U X.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and party hereto execute such counterpart, each which when delivered shall deemed to an original all taken together constitute but one the same instrument. Any signature page by a facsimile machine binding extent as with regard agreement subject terms hereof or amendment thereto.
Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of conditions set forth in Section 6 , completion sale and purchase Initial Notes Warrants (the “ Closing ”) Additional (each an ”, collectively with Closing, a ”), as applicable, shall occur on third business day after (by Party entitled grant such waiver) applicable herein (other than those that by their nature are be satisfied at but subject fulfillment conditions), other date parties mutually agree which occurs, Date ,” ”).
This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented or modified except upon the execution and delivery of a written agreement executed by each Parties specifically referencing this Agreement. Your rights and obligations under this Letter Agreement shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise, any purported assignment, transfer delegation thereof void; provided, your inure to the benefit of, enforceable by, heirs beneficiaries. This binding upon purchaser of substantially all Company’s assets, corporate successor Company assignee thereof.
In the event of termination a Participant’s Continuous Service as result his or her being Disabled, Participant shall have right to exercise an Option at any time within six months following such (or earlier date on which expires) extent was entitled termination. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Delaware (without giving effect to choice law principles thereof).
Lenders shall have received from Holdings (i) the Historical Financial Statements, (ii) pro forma consolidated balance sheets of and its Subsidiaries as September 30, 2016, reflecting consummation Closing Date Acquisition, related financings other transactions contemplated by Credit Documents to occur on or prior Date, which financial statements be in form substance satisfactory Administrative Agent Lenders, (iii) income (iv) Projections.
The Company represents and warrants to the Secured Party that (a) insofar as obtained good title Collateral under Purchase Agreement, bill of sale other documents executed in connection therewith, is owner no Person has any right, title, claim or interest (by way Lien otherwise) in, against Collateral; (b) upon filing UCC-1 financing statements appropriate offices, will have a perfected, first-priority security extent can be perfected by such filing.
Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement shall in writing and addressed Company at its principal Canadian corporate office attention Secretary, Executive address last reflected on Company’s payroll records, or such other as either party may hereafter designate other. delivered person enclosed a properly sealed envelope aforesaid, registered certified, deposited (postage registry certification fee prepaid) post branch regularly maintained by Canada Post. deemed only when received, but if is no longer employed subsidiary, have been duly five (5) business days after date mailed accordance with foregoing provisions Section.
This Amendment, together with the Loan Documents (collectively, “ Relevant ”), sets forth entire understanding and agreement of parties hereto in relation to subject matter hereof supersedes any prior negotiations agreements among relating such matter. No promise, condition, representation or warranty, express implied, not set shall bind party hereto, no has relied on warranty. Each acknowledges that, except as otherwise expressly stated Documents, representations, warranties commitments, have been made by other thereof. None terms conditions this Amendment may be changed, modified, waived canceled orally otherwise, writing accordance Section 10.01 Credit Agreement.
The term of your employment hereunder shall commence on July 5th, 2016 (the “ Start Date ”) and end the earliest (i) 2019, (ii) date which is terminated by Company or you pursuant to Paragraph 10 (iii) death termination reason incapacity (determined in accordance with 8) Employment Term ”). period from until regardless any earlier termination, hereinafter be referred as Original ”.
This General Release shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State New York without regard to its conflict provisions. If any provision this is declared legally or factually invalid unenforceable court competent jurisdiction if such cannot modified enforceable extent application that acceptable Company, then, discretion immediately may deemed become null void, leaving remainder full force effect.
Subject to any other arrangement or agreement among the Company and an applicable Unitholder, Corporation, Company, exchanging Subsidiary each Unitholder shall bear their own expenses in connection with consummation of Exchange, whether not such Exchange is ultimately consummated, except that Corporation transfer taxes, stamp taxes duties, similar with, arising by reason of, Exchange; provided , however if shares Class A Common Stock are be delivered a name than requested (or The Depository Trust its nominee for account participant will hold Unitholder) Cash Settlement paid Person then whose whom pay amount establish reasonable satisfaction tax has been payable.
BORROWER AGREES THAT ANY SUIT FOR THE ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS MAY BE BROUGHT IN COURTS STATE NEW YORK FEDERAL COURT SITTING THEREIN AND CONSENTS TO NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION SUCH SERVICE PROCESS BEING MADE UPON BY MAIL AT ADDRESS SET FORTH HEREIN. HEREBY WAIVES OBJECTION IT NOW HEREAFTER HAVE VENUE IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.
All payments required to be made by the Company hereunder you shall subject withholding of such amounts, if any, relating tax and other payroll deductions as may reasonably determine should withheld pursuant any applicable law or regulation. Any failure by the Company to assert forfeiture and repayment rights under this Section 4.5 with respect specific claims against Affected Participant shall not waive, or operate Company's right later its hereunder other subsequent Participant.
Borrower agrees, on behalf of itself and the other Loan Parties, a joint several basis, to pay (i) all reasonable, out-of-pocket costs expenses Administrative Agent its Affiliates , including Attorney Costs for Affiliates, in connection with preparation administration Documents any amendments, modifications or waivers thereof (whether not transactions contemplated this Agreement Document shall be consummated), (ii) reasonable (including Costs) incurred by Issuing Bank issuance, amendment, renewal extension Letter Credit demand payment thereunder, (iii) Agent, Bank, Swingline Lender enforcement protection rights Documents, under Section 10.02, Loans made Letters issued hereunder, such during workout, restructuring negotiations respect Credit.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or the Plan, Company may not take any actions hereunder, and no award shall be granted, that would violate Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Act”), Exchange 1934, amended, Code, other securities tax applicable law regulation. This Agreement and each of the other Credit Documents, taken together, constitute contain entire agreement Borrower, Lenders Administrative Agent supersede any all prior agreements, negotiations, correspondence, understandings communications among parties, whether written or oral, respecting subject matter hereof, excluding Fee Letter.
Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that other would be damaged irreparably in event any provisions this Agreement are not performed accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached. Accordingly, each Party shall entitled to injunctive relief prevent breaches enforce specifically hereof action instituted court United States state thereof having jurisdiction over matter (subject Section 11(p) ), without need prove irreparable harm inadequacy money damages post a bond, addition remedy which such may entitled, at law equity.
This Assignment constitutes the entire agreement between parties hereto concerning subject matter hereof and may not be altered or amended except by written signed all hereto. All prior contemporaneous agreements are merged herein. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts (facsimile of any counterpart having the same effect as manual delivery thereof), each which shall constitute an original, but all which, when taken together, one Agreement.
Executive agrees that he will not talk about or otherwise communicate to any third parties in a malicious, disparaging, defamatory manner regarding the Company, General Partner, QTS LLC other Quality owners their past present employees, directors, officers representatives and make authorize be made written oral statement may disparage damage reputation of representatives.
All notices, requests, demands, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing delivered personally or sent by registered certified United States mail, return receipt requested with postage prepaid, telecopy e-mail, if to the Purchaser Bravo, addressed Mr. Paul Parliament at 590 York, Unit 3, Niagara On The Lake, Ontario, CANADA L0S 1J0, telephone (716) 803-0621, e-mail paul@bravomultinational.com; Seller, Julios Kosta 30 West Beaver Creek Rd., #105 Richmond Hill, Ontario , Canada L4B 3K1 kostajul@rogers.com. Any party hereto may change its address upon 10 days’ written notice any hereto.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of enforceable by parties hereto their respective successors assigns; provided, however, that Borrower may not assign or transfer any its rights obligations hereunder without prior written consent all Lenders, provided , further assignment participation a Lender effected in accordance with this Section 11.06 .
All payments are per the payment terms in MSA and shall align with schedule as follows; [*]% @ [*],[*]% at [*]. will be subject to There shall not exist any action, suit, investigation or proceeding against the Borrower Subsidiary pending or, to knowledge of Borrower, threatened in court before an arbitrator Governmental Authority that could reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among Parties pertaining to subject matter contained herein. Consultant acknowledges and agrees that neither Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has made, is not making, in executing this Agreement, relied upon, any representations, promises or inducements except extent same expressly set forth Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein contrary, terms provisions of employment dated August 4, 2011 by between shall remain effect through May 6, 2016.
This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts and the signature or signatures undersigned delivered by electronic mail “portable document format” (“.PDF”), other means intended to preserve original graphic pictorial appearance a (each which shall deemed an original) together constitute one same instrument. The Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries maintain insurance coverage by such insurers in forms amounts against risks as are generally consistent with industry standards each case compliance the terms of Section 6.03 . Schedule 5.17 sets forth a complete list all maintained on Closing Date.
The rights and remedies of the Parties are cumulative not alternative. Neither failure nor any delay by Party in exercising right, power, or privilege under this Agreement documents referred to will operate as a waiver such privilege, no single partial exercise preclude other further privilege. To maximum extent permitted applicable Law, (a) claim right arising out can be discharged one Party, whole part, renunciation unless writing signed Parties; (b) that may given except specific instance for which it is given; (c) notice demand on deemed obligation giving take action without provided Agreement.
The Executive’s employment may be terminated by the Company during Term as provided in this ARTICLE IV. Upon termination of employment, shall end and Executive paid pro-rated portion Salary accrued but unpaid to date his termination. rights under Company’s employee benefit plans determined provisions such and/or applicable law any payments due distributed pursuant thereof.
Each Tag-along Stockholder who does not deliver a Notice in compliance with Section 3.5(d)(ii) shall be deemed to have waived all of such Stockholder’s rights participate the Sale respect Common Shares owned by Stockholder, and Selling (subject any other participating requirements 3.1) thereafter free sell Proposed Transferee identified at per Share price that is no greater than applicable set forth on terms conditions which are aggregate materially more favorable those Notice, without further obligation non-accepting Stockholders.
Except as set forth in Schedule 2.1(c) , the Company owns, of record and beneficially, one hundred percent (100%) issued shares capital stock other securities each Acquired Companies. for equity interests identified none Companies beneficially or otherwise, any of, direct indirect interest in, Entity. None has (i) agreed is obligated to make future investment contribution Entity (ii) guaranteed responsible liable obligation
Subject to Section 9 hereof, the extent that Option has become vested and exercisable with respect a number of Shares as provided herein, may thereafter be exercised by Participant, in whole or part, at any time from prior expiration herein accordance Sections 7.5 7.6 Plan. No resulting exercise an shall issued until full payment therefore been made set forth
The Administrative Agent, the Arranger and Lenders shall have received all fees other amounts due payable on or prior to Amendment Effective Date, including, extent invoiced, reimbursement payment in full of out pocket expenses required be reimbursed paid by Borrower under Amended Credit Agreement. This Fourth Amendment may be executed in counterparts, including electronic each of which shall constitute an original, and all which, together, one document.
Each of the Borrower, each other Loan Party, Parent and Subsidiary has good, marketable legal title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, its respective assets, including all intellectual property, subject to Permitted Liens. As Agreement Date, there are no Liens against any assets except for Except as required by applicable law, the Holder agrees to maintain, and require its representatives all confidential information obtained from Partnership on a basis, which, among other things, precludes use of such for purposes trading Warrant Units.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be amended or waived except by a written instrument signed the Party against whom enforcement of amendment waiver is sought. This Amendment and the other Loan Documents express entire understanding of parties with respect to transactions contemplated hereby. No prior negotiations or discussions shall limit, modify, otherwise affect provisions hereof.
The parties agree that the covenants and obligations contained in this Agreement relate to special, unique extraordinary matters a violation of any terms hereof or thereof would cause irreparable injury an amount which be impossible estimate determine for remedy at law inadequate. As such, if either party fails refuses fulfill its under make payment deliver instrument required hereunder thereunder, then other shall have specific performance, cumulative nonexclusive addition rights remedies otherwise available contract equity such might entitled.
This Agreement, together with its Exhibit, constitutes the entire agreement of parties respect to matters set forth in this Agreement and supersedes any prior understanding or agreement, oral written, such matters. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given them in License Agreement. For purposes of clarification, references to “HMRI” Agreement refer Aventisub LLC, as successor-in-interest HMRI.
The Company hereby confirms its obligations under the Note Agreement, whether or not transactions contemplated are consummated, to pay, promptly after request by Prudential, all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees incurred Prudential in connection with this letter agreement hereby, enforcing any rights letter, responding subpoena other legal process informal investigative demand issued hereby. of Section 5 shall survive transfer payment Note.
If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal unenforceable in jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality unenforceability shall not affect other invalidate render jurisdiction. Upon a determination that unenforceable, the Parties hereto negotiate good faith to modify so as effect original intent closely possible mutually acceptable manner order transactions contemplated hereby be consummated originally greatest extent possible.
Sections 1 (“Definitions”), 3 (“Severance”), 4 (“Non-Disparagement”), 5 (“Condition to Severance Obligations”), 6 (“Injunctive Relief”), 7 (“Agreement Arbitrate”) and 9 (“General Provisions”) of this Agreement shall survive termination Executive’s employment with the Company. Upon the occurrence of any event triggering prepayment requirement under clauses (i) and (ii) above, Borrower shall promptly deliver a Notice Prepayment to Administrative Agent, upon receipt such notice, Agent so notify Lenders. Each Loans this Section 2.4(b) be applied on pro rata basis with respect all
The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has filed a Registration Statement on Form S-8 (the “Registration Statement”) under Securities Act of 1933, as amended “1933 Act”), to register Shares 1933 Act. receipt Prospectus prepared by in connection with Statement. Prior conversion Restricted Stock Units into Shares, shall execute deliver such representations writing may be requested order for it comply applicable requirements Federal state securities law.
This Security Agreement shall continue in effect (notwithstanding the fact that from time to there may be no Secured Obligations outstanding) until (i) Third Restated Credit has terminated pursuant its express terms and (ii) all of have been indefeasibly paid performed full (or with respect any outstanding Letters Credit, a cash deposit or backup standby Letter reasonably satisfactory Administrative Agent Issuing Bank delivered as required by Agreement) commitments Lenders which would give rise are outstanding.
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, all of the representations and warranties Seller Buyer Articles 5 6 , respectively, shall survive Closing continue full force effect for a period one (1) year thereafter, except that set forth Sections 5.1(a) 5.1(b) 5.3(a) 5.12 6.1(a) 6.1(b) 6.3(a) 6.8 indefinitely. None covenants or other agreements contained Agreement Closing, than those which by their terms contemplate performance after each accordance with its terms.
This Agreement, and the Confidentiality dated March 2, 2016 between Company Macellum, contain entire understanding of parties with respect to subject matter hereof may be amended only by an agreement in writing executed hereto. Each party shall be responsible for its own fees and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation execution of this Agreement transactions contemplated hereby; provided , however, that Company reimburse Levin Group reasonable, documented out-of-pocket (including legal expenses) an amount not to exceed aggregate $25,000.
Each of the Note and Security Agreement is a valid, legal binding obligation Borrower, enforceable against Borrower in accordance with its terms except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting enforcement creditors' rights generally general equitable principles (whether sought proceedings equity at law).
This Agreement together with the agreements and plans described on Annex A constitute our entire agreement supersedes any prior or understandings between Company, Parent you respect to subject matter herein, except for confidentiality obligations referred elsewhere herein. You acknowledge that enter into this without reliance written oral promise representation, other than those contained in Agreement.
Each party shall execute, deliver, acknowledge and file such other documents take further actions as may be reasonably requested from time to by the hereto give effect carry out transactions contemplated herein. Subject Section 2.1(h), each of Company, on one hand, GoldenTree, will responsible for its own costs, fees expenses in connection with this Agreement.
Each Party acknowledges that the failure by receiving to comply with any of provisions this Article 8 will result in irreparable injury and continuing damage disclosing for which there be no adequate remedy at law that, event a so comply, shall entitled such preliminary permanent injunctive relief as may necessary ensure compliance all 8.
This Agreement may be modified, amended or otherwise changed only in a writing signed by all of the parties hereto, case Investors, Central Square Representative, their respective successors assigns. As a condition to the effectiveness of this Agreement, Executive shall execute and return General Release on or before April 15, 2016 at 5 p.m. PST, but in no event earlier than Separation Date.
Employee’s annual base salary on the date of this Agreement is four hundred and ten thousand dollars ($410,000), payable in accordance with normal payroll practices Company (“Base Salary”). Base Salary will be subject to review by Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), Compensation Committee Board Directors Company. During Employment Term, each anniversary Agreement, shall amount determine any modifications. In no event less than for immediately preceding twelve (12) month period other as permitted Section 6.1(c) hereunder.
The consent of the Borrowers shall be required prior to an assignment becoming effective unless Purchaser is a Lender, Affiliate Lender or Approved Fund, provided, that (i) not if Default has occurred and continuing, (ii) each Borrower deemed have consented any such it object thereto by written notice Agent within 5 Business Days after having received thereof. (x) (y) solely extent assignor Person was on Closing Date, Fund. Any under this Section 13.3.2 unreasonably withheld delayed.
If any term, covenant or condition of this Agreement, including without limitation the transfer by Contributor to OP interests that are subject hereof, shall extent be deemed invalid unenforceable, then remainder and application such condition, not affected thereby, valid enforceable fullest permitted law, all remaining enumerated herein. The close of the New York Stock Exchange on May 31, 2016.
The financial statements of the Company included in SEC Reports comply all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and rules regulations Commission respect thereto as effect at time filing (or to extent corrected or updated by a subsequent amendment restatement). Such have been prepared accordance GAAP, except may be otherwise specified such notes that unaudited not contain footnotes required fairly present position its consolidated subsidiaries taken whole for dates thereof results operations cash flows periods then ended, subject, case statements, normal recurring audit adjustments.
Licensee agrees to reasonably cooperate with Licensor’s preparation and filing of any applications, renewals or other documentation necessary useful protect ownership the Licensed IP Rights (at expense, unless expressly provided otherwise in this Article VII). Each Party promptly notify writing (including relevant details known notifying Party) (i) discovered suspected infringement misappropriation by Person licensed under Agreement North America Region (or, solely respect Avon NA, such International which NA becomes aware) (ii) actual threatened challenge concerning validity, registration Rights.
Each party shall pay its own fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement the transactions contemplated hereby, including legal accounting fees; provided that Company any such reasonably by Investors along other fees required to be reimbursed certain Commitment Letter dated as of December 16, 2015, among Investors.
Any provision of any Loan Document which is prohibited or unenforceable in jurisdiction will, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective the extent such prohibition unenforceability without invalidating remaining provisions affecting validity enforceability other jurisdiction; except if relates payment monetary sum, then Lender may, at its option, declare all Obligations immediately due and payable.
The headings and captions in this Agreement are for convenience only not a part of do any way define, limit or describe amplify the terms provisions scope intent hereof. The headings of the Sections contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not any way affect meaning or interpretation provision Agreement.
When I decided to sign this Agreement, was not relying on any representations that are in Agreement. The Company would have agreed pay the consideration am getting exchange for Agreement but and promises making by signing it. suffered job-related wrongs or injuries, such as type of discrimination, which might still be entitled compensation relief now future.
This Agreement, together with the other Transaction Documents, contains entire understanding of parties respect to matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth or therein, neither Company nor Investor makes any representation, warranty, covenant undertaking such matters. For avoidance doubt, all prior term sheets documents between Investor, affiliate thereof, related transactions contemplated by Documents (collectively, "Prior Agreements" ), that may have been entered into are hereby null void deemed be replaced in their entirety Documents. To extent there is a conflict Prior Agreement term(s) shall govern.
This Agreement shall become effective when the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.01 have been satisfied and thereafter be binding upon inure to benefit of parties hereto their respective successors assigns, except that neither Parent nor Borrower right assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without prior written consent Lenders (and attempted assignment by such null void).
Except where the context otherwise requires, wherever used, singular shall include plural, plural singular, and use of any gender be applicable to all genders. Whenever this Agreement refers a number days, such calendar days. The terms “including,” “include,” or “includes” as used herein mean “including, but not limited to,” limit generality description preceding term. language deemed mutually chosen by Parties no rule strict construction applied against either Party hereto. Each represents that it has been represented legal counsel in connection with acknowledges participated drafting hereof. In interpreting applying provisions Agreement, agree presumption will apply which drafted provision.
By execution below, each Originator expressly acknowledges and agrees that all of the Buyer’s rights, title, interests in, to, under this Agreement (but not its obligations), shall be assigned by Buyer to Administrative Agent (for benefit Purchasers) pursuant Receivables Purchase Agreement, consents such assignment. Each parties hereto Purchasers, Group Agents are third-party beneficiaries rights arising hereunder other Transaction Documents which any is a party, notwithstanding anything contrary contained herein or in Document, during occurrence continuation an Event Termination Non-Reinvestment Agent, Buyer, have sole right exercise related remedies.
Executive understands and intends that this Section 7 constitutes a general release of all claims except as otherwise provided in 7(b), above, no reference therein to specific form claim, statute or type relief is intended limit the scope such waiver. The law applicable to the arbitration of any dispute shall be laws State California, excluding its conflicts rules.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, which together will constitute one instrument. The provisions of this Agreement containing express survival clauses as well the which are intended to apply, operate or have effect after expiration termination term Agreement, at a time when may expired terminated, shall survive for any reason.
The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all Requirements of Law except to the extent that such non-compliance could not reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither nor any Subsidiary has received notice effect operations material or subject federal state investigation evaluating whether remedial action is needed respond release toxic hazardous waste substance into environment, which
Article and Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, not part this Amendment No. 5 to affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, 5. Lessor and Tenant shall each pay the fees expenses of appraiser appointed by it, one-half Final Appraiser, all other costs expenses, incurred in connection with appraisal.
Seller is duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws regulations of state Seller’s formation licensed, qualified, every where such licensing or qualification necessary for transaction business except failure to satisfy any foregoing would not be reasonably likely have a Material Adverse Change. has power own hold assets it purports hold, carry on its as now being conducted proposed conducted, execute, deliver, perform obligations this Agreement other Transaction Documents.
This Supplement may be executed by the parties hereto in several counterparts, each of which shall deemed to an original and all constitute together but one same agreement. Delivery counterpart a signature page this Guaranty facsimile or via other electronic means effective as delivery manually Guaranty. All arbitrators shall be and remain at all times wholly impartial independent of the parties to Dispute, and, once appointed, no arbitrator have any ex parte communications with Dispute concerning arbitration or underlying other than directly selection presiding arbitrator, where applicable.
In case any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability remaining provisions not in way affected impaired thereby. This option is granted under and subject to the terms of Plan, which incorporated herein by reference. If there any inconsistency between Plan this Agreement, Plan’s shall supersede replace conflicting Agreement. Capitalized that are defined in reference other capitalized Section 10
Any notification required by the terms of this Award Agreement shall be given in writing and deemed effective upon personal delivery or within three (3) days deposit with United States Postal Service, registered certified mail, postage fees prepaid. A notice addressed to Company, Attention: Secretary, at its principal executive office Participant address that he she most recently provided Company.
Officer shall be entitled to participate, under the terms of respective plans and subject periodic plan changes, in Umpqua’s group health benefit package, long-term disability life insurance, 401(k) plan, such other compensation or benefits as approved by Board. four weeks vacation per year. participate annual Executive Incentive Compensation Plan with a target bonus opportunity 60% Officer’s Base Salary, revised from time time. will 2014 Supplemental Retirement (Top Hat) / Deferred Plan.
The Company shall not, nor it permit any of its subsidiaries to, enter into, renew, extend or be a party transaction series related transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease, transfer exchange property assets kind rendering services kind) with Affiliate, except in ordinary course business manner and to an extent consistent past practice necessary desirable for prudent operation business, fair consideration on terms no less favorable than would obtainable comparable arm's length Person that is not Affiliate thereof.
Subject to the Standard Qualifications, each assignment of Mortgage and Assignment Leases, Rents Profits from Seller constitutes a legal, valid binding Seller. Each related is enforceable first lien on borrower’s fee or leasehold interest in Mortgaged Property principal amount such Loan allocated loan subject Title Exceptions, Permitted Encumbrances Qualifications (each as defined herein). Purchaser priority Seller, except enforcement may be limited by any Exceptions (as freely assignable. Notwithstanding anything herein contrary, no representation made perfection security rents other personal property extent that possession control items actions than filing Uniform Commercial Code (“ UCC ”) financing statements required order effect perfection.
During the Employment Term, Company shall pay to Executive an annual base salary of $435,000 (the “Base Salary”), which Base Salary be payable at times and in manner consistent with Company’s general policies regarding compensation senior executives. The will reviewed periodically by Chief Officer may increased (but not decreased, except for across-the-board reductions generally applicable executives) from time Officer’s sole discretion.
All notices and other communications given to any party hereto pursuant this Agreement shall be in writing hand delivered, or sent either by (a) certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested; (b) an overnight express courier service that provides written confirmation of delivery; (c) facsimile electronic transmission with the sending machine telephone e-mail receipt.
Change its name or the Borrower State relocate chief executive office without 30 days prior written notification to Bank; replace officer financial (i) prompt notice Bank and (ii) unless a replacement for such is approved by Borrower’s Board of Directors engaged within ninety (90) after change; engage in any business, permit Subsidiaries other than reasonably related incidental businesses currently Borrower; change fiscal year end; have Control; provided that foregoing clause shall not apply Control pursuant which Obligations are indefeasibly paid full cash contemporaneously with close consummation transaction Bank’s obligations make Credit Extensions terminated as transaction.
The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect any way the meaning or interpretation of Agreement. References to Sections, Articles, Exhibits Schedules refer Sections of, Articles Exhibit to, Schedule unless otherwise stated. Words such as “herein,” “hereinafter,” “hereof,” “hereto,” “hereby” “hereunder,” words like import, context requires otherwise, (including hereto). As used Agreement, masculine, feminine neuter genders be deemed include others if requires.
The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event any of provisions this Agreement were not performed accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached. Accordingly, each shall be entitled to performance hereof, including an injunction injunctions prevent breaches and enforce specifically New York State federal court sitting Borough Manhattan City (or, if such lacks subject matter jurisdiction, appropriate court), being addition other remedy which party is at law equity. Each hereby further waives (a) defense action for a adequate (b) requirement under post security as prerequisite obtaining equitable relief.
The Plan was approved by the Board of Directors on December 14, 1998, subject to approval shareholders Company within twelve (12) months thereafter. This Agreement may be supplemented, amended, restated or replaced only by written agreement signed each Party. It is intended that the terms of Award will not result in imposition any tax liability pursuant to Section 409A Code. This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with intent.
In consideration of the Bank's willingness to enter into this Amendment, Credit Parties hereby release Bank and each its respective officers, employees, representatives, agents, counsel directors from any all actions, causes action, claims, demands, damages liabilities whatever kind or nature, in law equity, now known unknown, suspected unsuspected extent that foregoing arises action failure act solely connection with Documents on prior date hereof.
All payments and benefits due to Executive under this Agreement or otherwise shall be subject withholding on account of federal, state local taxes, as determined by the Employer. The following terms used herein shall have the meanings for all purposes of this Agreement. The Company hereby employs the Executive to serve as president and chief executive officer (“CEO”) of Bancshares Association according terms conditions this Agreement for period stated in Section 1(c) Agreement. accepts employment
Any notices regarding acceptance, rejection, or any other matters arising under this Agreement shall be sent by a method of delivery which provides receipt and addressed as provided below. Notices to Employee should his/her home address on file with the Company. Company Dan Allinger, Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources at 10260 Westheimer, Suite 700, Houston, TX 77042.
Tenant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Lease is in full force effect, Landlord not currently default under Lease, and, to best of Tenant’s knowledge, no event has occurred which, with giving notice or passage time, both, would ripen into Landlord’s Lease. The as amended. contains all agreements parties respect lease Premises. No prior contemporaneous agreement understanding pertaining amended, shall be effective.
In addition to any other assignment or participation permitted pursuant this Section 10.06 Lender may assign as security and/or pledge (without the consent of Borrower Administrative Agent) all portion its Loans, Obligations owed by such Lender, and Notes, if any, secure obligations including Federal Reserve Bank collateral Regulation A Board Governors operating circular issued Bank; provided , that no between shall be relieved hereunder a result pledge; further in event applicable Bank, pledgee trustee, considered “Lender” entitled require assigning take omit action hereunder.
This Section 11.4 shall survive the Closing. EACH OF MORTGAGOR AND MORTGAGEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW RIGHT TRIAL JURY IN ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE ACTION, SUIT PROCEEDING ARISING OUT RELATING THIS MORTGAGE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED SUBJECT MATTER FOREGOING. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent entire agreement of Parent Companies, Borrower, Agents Lenders with respect to subject matter hereof thereof.
The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence that all boards of directors, governmental, shareholder and material third party consents approvals necessary in connection with the entering into Transaction been obtained. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with laws state Delaware (excluding its choice law rules).
Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant Section 9 hereof, the Company and each irrevocably unconditionally (i) agree that action or proceeding arising out of in connection this Agreement shall be brought only Delaware Court, not other state federal court United States America country, (ii) consent submit exclusive jurisdiction Court for purposes Agreement, (iii) waive objection laying venue such (iv) waive, plead make, claim has been an improper inconvenient forum.
This Separation Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of State New Jersey without regard to principles conflicts law, except extent preempted by federal which that case control. Any action enforce terms this must brought Jersey. THIS JOINDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF STATE NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CONFLICT LAW PRINCIPLES (BUT FEDERAL RELATING NATIONAL BANKS).
Except as expressly modified by this Amendment, the Agreement remains unmodified and in full force effect. This Amendment along with is entire agreement between parties hereto respect to subject matter hereof supersedes all prior agreements understandings, whether oral or written, such matters. Any future reference shall be deemed a Agreement, amended Amendment. may not terminated orally any manner other than an writing signed their respective successors interest. The foregoing Recitals are hereby incorporated into Agreement.
This Patent Security Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of State New York, without regard to conflicts principles that would require application laws another jurisdiction. Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, whether directly or indirectly, and immediately, incidentally ultimately , to purchase carry margin stock (within meaning Regulation U FRB) extend credit others for purpose purchasing carrying refund Indebtedness indebtedness originally incurred such purpose.
The Corporation and Executive each represent warrant that no promise or inducement has been offered made except as herein set forth the consideration stated is sole for this Agreement. This Agreement a complete entire agreement states fully all agreements, understandings, promises commitments between to termination of their relationship; supersedes cancels any other negotiations, understandings oral written, respecting subject matter hereof, including prior employment agreements Executive, but not limited Employment (except expressly in Agreement); may be modified by an instrument writing signed party against whom enforcement waiver, change, modification, discharge sought.
Schedule 5.15 sets forth all the Subsidiaries of Borrower at Restatement Effective Date (after giving pro forma effect to Transactions), jurisdiction their organization and direct or indirect ownership interest therein. The interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by construed enforced in accordance with the internal laws State Illinois without regard to principle conflicts laws.
A Participant shall at all times be one hundred percent (100%) vested in his or her Account Balance. This Agreement shall terminate and have no further force or effect from after the Expiration Time, provided , that such termination relieve any party liability for breach of this prior to termination.
It is understood and agreed by the Parties that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement Party and, except as otherwise specifically provided in Section 8 hereof, each non-breaching shall entitled to specific performance injunctive or other equitable relief such breach, including, without limitation, order court competent jurisdiction requiring comply with its obligations hereunder; provided, however, agrees waive requirement securing posting bond connection remedy.
Article, Section and other headings the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience reference only, not part this Agreement shall affect construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, Agreement. This Schedule is effective upon approval by the Company’s Board of Directors, and shall continue until such time Agreement terminated under applicable provisions therein.
During the Employment Term, Executive shall serve as Chief Operating Officer of Company, reporting to CEO Company. In such position, have duties, authority and responsibility be determined from time by which are consistent with Executive’s position. The shall, if requested, also a member Company’s Board Directors (the “ ”) or an officer director any affiliate Company provide services affiliates his position in each case for no additional compensation.
In consideration for the services performed by Executive during Employment Period, Bank shall pay to an annual salary (“ Base Salary ”) of $375,000. The be paid in approximately equal installments accordance with Bank’s customary payroll practices. Executive’s increased $400,000 effective as January 1, 2017 and reviewed at least annually Period possible upward adjustment, not reduced without consent. term Salary, utilized this Agreement, refer it may increased.
The necessary grammatical changes required to make the provisions hereof apply either corporations or partnerships individuals, men women, as case may require, shall in all cases be assumed though each fully expressed. captions of Articles and Sections are for convenience only not deemed limit, construe, affect alter meaning such Sections.
The Seller and the Purchaser hereby acknowledge agree that Agreement shall be kept confidential its contents will not divulged to any party without other party’s consent except as may necessary or required in working with legal counsel, auditors, taxing authorities governmental agencies. Executive’s employment from the Company terminated on [DATE].
Schedule 3.08 sets forth as of the Closing Date a list all Subsidiaries and percentage ownership interest Holdings or Borrower therein. The shares capital stock other interests so indicated on are fully paid non-assessable owned by Borrower, directly indirectly, free clear Liens (other than created under Security Documents). THIS SIDE LETTER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF STATE NEW YORK, AND OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS REMEDIES PARTIES HEREUNDER DETERMINED SUCH LAWS.
Neither the execution of this Agreement, nor performance by Purchaser and Company their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder will violate conflict with Purchaser’s entry into under Agreement Company’s organizational documents, any applicable Law Order. This Agreement may be executed by hand or power of attorney in several counterparts, each which shall deemed to an original copy and all together constitute one the same instrument binding on parties hereto, notwithstanding that not have signed counterpart.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of State New York, without reference to conflict principles. Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out relating this breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation validity thereof, including determination scope applicability arbitrate, settled arbitration administered American Arbitration Association in accordance with provision tis Rules (the “ ”). The held York County, York. number arbitrators three. Each HSI and Supplier appoint one arbitrator, party-appointed shall, consultation Supplier, choose a third arbitrator who serve as chairman. Judgment on any award resulting from may entered court having jurisdiction.
The title of “Administrative Agent” is used solely as a matter market custom and the duties Administrative Agent are administrative in nature only. has no except those expressly set forth Loan Documents, event does have any agency, fiduciary or implied duty to relationship with Secured Party other Person by reason Document related transaction. conferral upon right shall not imply exercise such right, unless instructed do so Lenders accordance this Agreement.
This Agreement, together with the Release attached as Attachment 1 , Separation Pay Agreement 2 and Confidentiality 3 is entire agreement between you Company relating to your employment resignation from employment. Except expressly provided otherwise in this supersedes all prior oral written agreements communications parties hereto. will not be modified, amended or terminated, except by a manually signed both
The Forbearance Agreement is and shall remain in full force effect as of the date hereof except modified by this Amendment. Notwithstanding anything Section 13 to contrary, Amendment be effective each party hereto upon execution or on behalf Note Party Holders constituting 55% outstanding 2019 Notes hereof. All expenses of the Administrative Agent and Lead Arranger payable pursuant to Commitment Letter shall have been paid extent invoiced at least one business day prior Closing Date.
This Agreement and any matter or dispute relating hereto shall be governed by construed in accordance with the laws of State California, without regard to principles conflicts law. This Agreement is binding upon the parties hereto and on their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors assigns. Employee agrees that obligations contained in Sections 5, 6, 7, 8 9 of this will survive termination Agreement.
The parties hereby agree that Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated may, without notice to the Loan Parties, assign its rights and obligations under Credit Agreement any other registered broker-dealer wholly-owned by Bank of America Corporation which all or substantially Corporation’s subsidiaries’ investment banking, commercial lending services related businesses may be transferred following date this Agreement.
The obligation of confidentiality by the Optionee set forth in Company's agreements(s) with or policies Company binding on covering shall remain effect for perpetuity regardless any cessation payment pursuant to this Agreement, such that not disclose confidential information pertaining at time. The obligation of confidentiality under this Section 36 shall survive the termination Agreement for a period two (2) years.
This Agreement may not be assigned by any party without the prior written consent of other parties. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS OBLIGATIONS OF PARTIES ANY DISPUTES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY CONSTRUED ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH INTERNAL LAWS STATE DELAWARE, UNITED STATES AMERICA, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD CAUSE APPLICATION OTHER OR DIFFERENT LAWS.
No provision hereof shall be modified or limited except by a written agreement expressly referring hereto and to the provisions so limited, which signed Pledgor Pledgee. The of this Agreement not course conduct. This Agreement and the Stock Award are made granted pursuant to Option Documentation in all respects limited by subject Documentation.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall become liable, directly, by assumption or Contingent Obligation, with respect to lease, whether an operating lease a Capitalized Lease, property (whether real personal mixed), (i) which it one sold transferred is sell transfer other Person, (ii) intends use for substantially same purposes as has been be Person in connection such unless either case sale involved not prohibited under Section 6.02 and 6.01.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part Seller does not will (a) require any consent or approval that obtained, (b) violate provision Seller’s organizational documents, (c) to knowledge, other agreement which is a party. The Committee shall have the authority, at or before time of grant any Award, to designate such Award as a Performance Compensation intended qualify “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) Code.
On or prior to the fourth (4th) business day following date of Closing, Company will file a Current Report on Form 8-K with SEC describing terms this Agreement. Except as provided in Section 5(b), Purchaser covenants that until such time transactions contemplated by Agreement are publicly disclosed described 4(b), maintain confidentiality all disclosures made it connection transaction (including existence and transaction).
Each Party hereby agrees that money damages may not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement by other and entitled to injunctive relief, specific performance or appropriate equitable remedies such (without posting bond security). Any shall deemed the exclusive Contributors Company, but in addition all available at law equity.
Both during and, if necessary, following the Transition Period, you agree to cooperate reasonably with Company concerning any investigative or litigation matters, government investigations proceedings that may arise and about which have relevant information. This Agreement, together with any understanding or modifications thereof as agreed to in writing by the parties, shall constitute entire agreement between parties hereto, and completely supersede prior agreements (including but not limited their dated July 20, 1992 employment December 18, 1995, August 19, 2003 June 2012).
Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 5.11 , the term “Lender” includes Issuing Lender and “Applicable Law” FATCA. EACH OF THE MEMBERS HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES (TO FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW) ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL JURY DISPUTES ARISING UNDER OR RELATING THIS AGREEMENT AGREES THAT SUCH DISPUTE SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE JUDGE SITTING WITHOUT JURY.
Comply with the requirements of all Laws and orders, writs, injunctions decrees applicable to it or its business property, except in such instances which (a) requirement Law order, writ, injunction decree is being contested good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; (b) failure comply therewith would not reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed enforced in accordance with the laws of State Delaware without reference to principles conflicts laws. Any judicial action commenced relating any way this including enforcement, interpretation or performance Agreement, maintained a court competent jurisdiction located Maricopa County, Arizona. In enforce prevailing party entitled recover its litigation costs, attorneys' fees. The parties hereby waive relinquish right jury trial agree that dispute heard resolved jury. further resolution, discovery, accelerated expedited extent possible. Each party's agreements Section 4.2 are made consideration other 4.2, as well portions Agreement.
The Company shall pay the Executive an annual rate of base salary $360,000 which accrue commencing as October 1, 2016 and be payable upon generating sufficient net revenue or obtaining third party financing; thereafter in periodic installments accordance with Company's customary payroll practices, but no less frequently than monthly. Executive's reviewed at least annually by Board may, not required to, increase during Employment Term. salary, effect from time to time, is hereinafter referred " Base Salary ".
Each party shall bear the cost of arbitrators appointed by it, and jointly severally umpire. The remaining costs arbitration be allocated panel as part its final award. may not award attorneys’ fees to any Party. This Agreement, the Indenture, First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and other Security Documents represent entire agreement of Grantors, Collateral Agent Secured Parties with respect to subject matter hereof thereof, there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by any Party relative thereof not expressly set forth referred herein, in Documents.
Immediately after the consummation of Transactions to occur on Effective Date and immediately following making each Loan giving effect application proceeds Loan, (a) fair value property assets Borrower its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) (including goodwill other intangibles) is greater than liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise basis); (b) present saleable not less amount that will be required pay probable liability their debts as they become absolute matured; (c) have incurred, believe incur, liabilities beyond ability such mature; (d) do unreasonably small capital with which conduct business in are engaged.
Each of the Subsidiary Guarantors and each Subsidiaries Borrower REIT (i) is a corporation, limited partnership, general liability company or trust, as applicable, duly organized under laws its State organization validly existing in good standing thereof, (ii) has all requisite power to own property conduct business now conducted presently contemplated (iii) authorized do jurisdiction where an Unencumbered Property included calculation Asset Value owned leased by it located (to extent required applicable law) other failure be so qualified could have Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and each such shall for all purposes deemed to an original, together constitute but one the same instrument. Counterparts delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or signature complying with U.S. federal ESIGN Act 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) other transmission method counterpart so have been duly validly valid effective purposes.
AstraZeneca shall, and shall cause its Affiliates any subcontractors to, keep appropriate records of the work performed under this Supply Agreement, including pertaining to methods facilities used by it for Manufacture, storage, testing Supplied Products. maintain all reports with respect Manufacture supply Products (and in relation provision other services) Agreement as required applicable Laws or terms Regulatory Approval.
Indemnitee shall give the Company notice in writing as soon practicable, and, any event, no later than 30 days after becomes aware, of Proceeding for which indemnification will or could be sought under this Agreement; provided that failure delay giving such not relieve its obligations Agreement unless and to extent (i) neither nor Subsidiary is party aware (ii) materially prejudiced by failure.
This Warrant will be governed by, and construed enforced in accordance with, the laws of State Nevada, without regard to conflict principles thereof. Any action brought by either party against other concerning transactions contemplated this shall only state courts Florida or federal located Miami-Dade County, Florida. Both parties individuals signing Agreement agree submit jurisdiction such courts.
You will become vested in the Awarded Shares at end of Vesting Period set forth Appendix A, provided you remain service Company or one its subsidiaries either as an associate, if this Award was granted to a member Board Directors, is director, throughout Performance and Period, except otherwise specifically Section. This shall automatically terminate event your termination employment other with Company, for any reason than (a) due death, Disability normal retirement Section 6 below (b) following Change Control 9(b) below, time prior Period. In such termination, all Target and/or be forfeited obligations under void no further effect.
The Company may terminate your employment at any time with or without Cause, because of death Disability. You resign Good Reason. date on which the termination becomes effective is “Termination Date.” If terminates for reason, you will receive (i) accrued base salary through Termination Date; (ii) earned, but unpaid annual bonus prior calendar year; (iii) expense reimbursements; and (iv) vested benefits have under employee benefit plan (the “Accrued Obligations”) before required by law in no event more than 30 days after Date.
The consideration and payment set forth in Section 4.03 shall be paid without deduction of any taxes levied against such imposed by applicable tax authority; provided , however that each Party is responsible for its own income taxes, corporate franchise taxes. Parties further acknowledge agree no withholding obligation should apply with respect to the payments made either hereunder, cooperates other providing completing a timely manner, form acceptable authorities, all forms must filed authorities order avoid obligations.
Company hereby agrees to employ Executive and accepts such employment, upon the terms conditions set forth herein. No interest will accrue on the payroll deductions of a Participant in Plan. The Executive’s annual base salary shall, effective as of June 1, 2016, be decreased from $300,000 to $230,000. Accordingly, the first sentence Section 3(a) Employment Agreement, amended by First Amendment, is hereby further amended, delete dollar amount “$300,000” and replace it with “$230,000”.
All decisions or interpretations made by the Committee, in its reasonable discretion, with regard to any question arising under Plan this Option Agreement as provided Section 4 of Plan, shall be binding and conclusive on Company Employee. This Option Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will deemed to an original, but all together constitute and the same instrument. Facsimile execution delivery this is legal, valid binding for purposes.
The Company shall reimburse Kelley Dyre & Warren LLP (counsel to the lead Buyer), on demand, for all reasonable, documented costs and expenses incurred by it in connection with preparing delivering this Agreement (including, without limitation, legal fees disbursements therewith, due diligence transactions contemplated thereby) an aggregate amount not exceed $10,000 (in addition any expense reimbursement payable Drye pursuant Registration Rights Agreement).
No effective financing statement or other public notice indicating the existence of a valid Lien on all any part Collateral is file record in office, except such as have been filed favor Agent pursuant to this Security Agreement are permitted by Credit with respect which arrangements reasonably satisfactory made. Person than has control possession Collateral, not prohibited Agreement.
Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the respective meanings given them in Repurchase Agreement, or with respect to Section 9 and not such Credit dated as of August 6, 2013, (the “ Agreement ”) among Guarantor, borrower thereunder, Buyer administrative agent thereunder lenders thereto, (as amended, supplemented, replaced, refinanced modified from time time; provided that if obligations under are paid full lending commitments terminated, is terminated cancelled, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for any reason cease remain a party provisions related contained they existed immediately prior event), attached hereto Exhibit A .
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State New York, without giving effect to any choice or conflict law provision rule that would cause application jurisdiction other than York. The Company shall employ Executive, and Executive hereby accepts employment with the Company, upon terms conditions set forth in this Agreement for period beginning on Effective Date ending as provided Section 5 hereof.
Except for any pre-acquisition notification or Consent requirements under the HSR Act, no is required in connection with execution and delivery by a Buyer Party of this Agreement Ancillary Agreements consummation transactions contemplated hereby thereby. Each Debtor shall pay promptly prior to delinquency all property and other taxes, assessments government charges or levies imposed upon, claims (including, without limitation, for labor, materials supplies) against, the Equipment Inventory, except extent validity thereof is being contested in good faith adequate reserves are maintained connection therewith.
The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its Property, except (other than respect Anti-Corruption Laws, AML Laws Sanctions) where the failure do so, individually in aggregate, could not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect. maintain effect enforce policies procedures designed ensure compliance by Borrower, Subsidiaries their respective directors, officers, employees agents Sanctions.
If one or more Stockholders (together with their respective Permitted Transferees) holding no less than a majority of all the Common Shares (assuming conversion outstanding shares Series B Preferred Stock) (such Stockholders, “ Dragging ”), propose to consummate, in transaction series related transactions, Change Control (a Drag-along Sale shall have right, after delivering Notice accordance Section 3.4(c) and subject compliance 3.4(d), require that each other Stockholder (each, ”) participate such sale manner set forth 3.4(b).
Each Indemnifying Party shall reimburse the Indemnitee for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including legal, consulting and accounting fees) in course of proceedings described Section 6.01 to extent those are reasonably attributable or any its Affiliates, matter which is required indemnify under Article IV would result an additional payment obligation II.
Any payment under this Article 7 that is more than [**] past due will be subject to interest at an annual percentage rate of plus if a Party does not make within its receipt notice such amount due. Likewise, any overpayment refunded after the date was made thereafter [**]; provided, however, errors in reports provided by overpaid Party, accrue from made. Notwithstanding preceding, contests amounts hereunder good faith and promptly notifies other dispute, as being so contested until following presentation Party.
Executive shall participate in the Company’s discretionary time off program, which went into effect January 1, 2016, or such other program benefit as Company may offer to its similarly situated employees. All payments under this Note shall be made in lawful tender of the United States no later than 5:30 pm, Eastern Standard Time, on date which such payment is due, by wire transfer immediately available funds to account identified Holder.
The Company’s obligations under the Plan are subject to approval of state and federal authorities or agencies with jurisdiction in matter. Company will use its best efforts take steps required by law applicable regulations, including rules regulations Securities Exchange Commission any stock exchange on which shares may then be listed, connection grants Plan. foregoing notwithstanding, shall not obligated issue deliver Common Stock if such issuance delivery would violate securities laws.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Parties named herein their respective successors permitted assigns. No Party may assign either this or any its rights, interests, obligations, in each case, hereunder without prior written approval other Party. This Agreement, inclusive of all schedules attached hereto, sets forth the entire agreement between parties and supersedes prior agreements or understandings pertaining to subject matter hereof.
Accrued interest under this Note shall be due and payable in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period. The principal balance outstanding hereunder, together with all accrued other amounts if not sooner paid as provided herein, September 22, 2017. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all when taken together the same instrument. An facsimile .pdf this relied upon as having, deemed to have, force effect original.
The Lender shall have received (i) audited consolidated financial statements of Holdco for the 2015 fiscal year, (ii) unaudited interim each quarter ended after date latest applicable delivered pursuant to clause this paragraph as which such are available, and not, in reasonable judgment Lender, reflect any material adverse change condition Holdco, reflected audited, described (iii) satisfactory Projections through December 31, 2016.
Except as set forth in Schedule 4.8 , each Group Member has good and indefeasible title fee simple to, or a valid leasehold subleasehold interest in, all its real property, right to use, Property (other than Intellectual Property), case, that are necessary for the operation of their respective businesses currently conducted proposed be conducted, except where failure do so would not reasonably expected have Material Adverse Effect, none such is subject any Lien other Permitted Liens. As Closing Date, no property owned by Loan Party leased Party.
All obligations under this Note shall be the joint and several of each individuals entities comprising Borrower, if more than one. This bind heirs, personal representatives, successors assigns Borrower. The endorsers, guarantors, sureties them hereby waive diligence, demand, presentment for payment, notice nonpayment, protest, specifically consent to any renewals or extensions Note, whether made in favor makers other person persons. pleading statute limitations as a defense demand against is expressly waived by all said parties. documents executed connection with may transferred, assigned hypothecated Lender without prior undersigned.
On the Closing Date, upon terms and subject to conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with execution delivery of this Agreement by parties hereto, Company agrees exchange Purchasers, severally not jointly, principal accrued but unpaid interest in Existing Note for Debentures New Warrants. Each Purchaser shall deliver each its respective Debenture Upon satisfaction covenants Sections 2.2 2.3, occur at offices EGS or such other location as mutually agree. surrender rights, covenants, agreements obligations thereunder contemplated thereby will terminate be no further force effect, all under are hereby released, extinguished terminated.
This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, except by a written instrument executed PE Member and Developer. No provision of this waived the party against whom enforcement such waiver is sought then only to extent set forth in instrument. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined Section 2 the Securities Act) that would be integrated with a manner require registration under Act Investors purposes rules and regulations Trading Market.
The parties hereto agree that irreparable harm would occur in the event any of provisions this Agreement were not performed by a party accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached such party, and other have an adequate remedy at law for money damages event. It is accordingly agreed each shall be entitled, without posting bond undertaking, to performance injunctive equitable relief prevent breaches enforce specifically Agreement, being addition which entitled equity.
Other than as set forth in Section 10.24 , all necessary Gaming Permits connection with the Transactions, including without limitation, transactions contemplated by Loan Documents, shall have been obtained and remain full force effect, applicable waiting periods expired any action being taken competent authority which restrains, enjoins, prevents or imposes materially adverse conditions upon consummation of Transactions. In addition, there not exist judgment, order, injunction other restraint, be no pending litigation proceeding Governmental Authority, prohibiting, enjoining imposing on thereof.
Any notice or other communication required permitted by this Agreement to be given a party shall in writing and deemed if delivered personally commercial messenger courier service, mailed U.S. registered certified mail (return receipt requested), sent via facsimile (with of confirmation complete transmission) the at party’s address number written below such as may have previously specified like notice. If mail, delivery effective three business days after mailing accordance with Section.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser or the Company with respect to Purchaser, as such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without effect whatsoever on between other Purchasers, written notice parties, if Closing has not been consummated before May 27, 2016; provided, however, that no termination will affect right of party sue for breach (or parties).
This Agreement shall be governed by, enforced and construed under in accordance with the laws of State Delaware. (a) The General Partner shall not be liable for the return of all or any part Capital Contributions Limited Partners. Any returns made solely from assets Partnership according to terms this Agreement.
(a) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer which has resulted could reasonably be expected result in Liability of any Company under Title IV such Plan, the PBGC an aggregate amount excess $5,000,000, (b) General Partner Affiliate fails pay when due, after expiration applicable grace period, installment payment its withdrawal Section 4201 $5,000,000.
Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement the Note shall be in writing and deemed sufficient upon receipt, when delivered personally courier, overnight delivery service confirmed facsimile, 48 hours after being deposited U.S. mail as certified registered with postage prepaid, if such is addressed to party notified at party’s address facsimile number set forth below subsequently modified written notice. The Company covenants that event any Purchaser gives of their exercise Warrants, will promptly notify all other Purchasers exercise.
Upon the request of Administrative Agent, it shall execute or deliver any additional agreements, documents and instruments, take such further actions as may be reasonably requested by Agent from time to time, assure is perfected with a first priority Lien on Collateral carry out provisions purposes Loan Documents. The waiver by CDK of any breach this Agreement me shall not be effective unless in writing signed the President CDK, and no such with regards to or other person under a similar agreement operate construed as same type on subsequent occasion entity.
Other than as could not be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all tax returns which are required paid taxes due pursuant said or any assessment received by of Subsidiaries, except such taxes, if any, (a) that yet delinquent (b) being contested good faith adequate reserves been provided accordance with GAAP.
Subscriber has not retained any broker, finder or agent agreed to pay brokerage fees, finder's fees commissions with respect the transactions contemplated hereby. Grant or permit to exist (voluntarily involuntarily) any lien, claim, security interest other encumbrance whatsoever on of its assets, than Permitted Liens (as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement as effect date hereof).
The insurance coverage of the Loan Parties and Restricted Subsidiaries as in effect on Closing Date excess $10,000,000 is outlined to carrier, policy number, type deductible Schedule 9.1.17 . As Date, all premiums due payable respect covering a material portion Collateral have been paid. The respective indemnities, representations, warranties and covenants of the Counterparty, Dealer Manager Company as set forth in this Agreement shall remain full force effect survive termination Agreement.
If the Executive’s employment is terminated by reason of death during Employment Term, this Agreement shall terminate without further compensation obligations to legal representatives under Agreement, other than for (i) payment Accrued Obligations (which be paid estate or beneficiary, as applicable, in a lump sum cash within 90 days Date Termination) and timely settlement any amount pursuant Other Benefits (ii) treatment all existing plans provided terms rules those plans.
Except for [***], whose fees shall be paid at Closing by the Seller, no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder’s other fee commission in connection with transactions contemplated this Agreement based upon arrangements made on behalf of Seller. The Article and paragraph headings throughout this Agreement are for convenience reference only, shall in no way be deemed to define, limit, or add the meaning of any provision Agreement.
Any notice, demand or request required hereunder shall be given in writing (at the addresses set forth Exhibit A ) by any of following means: (i) personal service; (ii) electronic communication, whether telex, telegram telecopying other form communication; (iii) overnight courier; (iv) registered certified, first class U.S. mail, return receipt requested, to such as Lender Borrower may specify from time writing.
The Company shall have performed and complied with in all material respects of its covenants agreements required to be or by it under this Agreement on prior the Closing Date. The proceeds of the Term Loans shall be utilized for general corporate purposes. The Company shall continue until terminated in accordance with Section 8.1 .
The parties acknowledge and agree that Employee’s employment with the Company terminated on August 5, 2016 (the “ Termination Date ”). agrees to characterize termination as “without cause” under Section 5.3 of Employment Agreement between parties, dated April 22, 2014 “Employment Agreement” ). With exception vested benefits, interests or rights in Company’s 401(k) plan other employee benefit plans which Employee is a participant, if any, acknowledges that, has been paid all wages, compensation, benefits (including earned unused vacation days time-off), less applicable tax withholding, business expenses relating through Date.
ALL AMOUNTS DUE UNDER THIS SECTION 10.04 SHALL BE PAYABLE NOT LATER THAN TEN BUSINESS DAYS AFTER DEMAND THEREFOR. No Person has or will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any right, interest claim against upon Purchaser Company for commission, fee other compensation payable finder broker.
All real estate taxes, assessments and governmental charges, payments in lieu of taxes or imposed by any authority (“ Taxes ”) which accrued during the 2015 calendar year (but are due payable 2016 year) shall be paid Seller. attributable to that received Seller from Tenant prior Closing over Buyer at otherwise credited against Purchase Price. If occurs receipt tax bill for Property applicable period occurs, with respect prorated such other based upon year’s bill.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS AGREEMENT OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT THEORY). (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, LENDER ATTORNEY PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay in full before delinquency or the expiration any extension period (including extensions by virtue Chapter 11 Cases) all material Taxes with respect to periods after Petition Date whether real, personal, otherwise, due payable by, imposed, levied, assessed against it, assets income, businesses, franchises, except extent that validity such Tax is subject a Permitted Protest.
The related Borrower has good and marketable fee simple title to the Property with full right transfer sell Property, free clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens. Executive shall serve as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer (and principal financial and accounting officer) Corporate Secretary report directly to Officer. All capitalized terms, not otherwise defined herein, have the meaning given to such terms in Plan.
Except as set forth on Schedule 5.1.14 attached hereto, there are no judgments unsatisfied against Seller or the Property consent decrees injunctions to which is subject, and litigation, claim proceeding pending (meaning appropriate process notice has been served its authorized agent) which, if determined adversely, would have a Material Adverse Effect consummation of sale Property.
Each notice relating to this Agreement shall be deemed have been given on the date it is received. Company addressed its principal Office in Omaha, Nebraska, Attention: Compensation. Participant or any other person persons entitled shares issuable upon settlement of RSUs Participant’s address and may written electronic form. Anyone whom a under designate new by giving effect.
This Amendment shall automatically terminate and cease to be effective upon the earlier of (a) termination Merger Agreement (b) 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on August 10, 2016 (or November in event that Termination Date (as defined Agreement) is extended pursuant Section 10.2(a) Agreement), each case if Closing not have occurred or prior such time.
Neither any Loan Party nor Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to Contractual Obligation that could, either individually the aggregate, reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and continuing would result from consummation of transactions contemplated by this Agreement other Document .
Without notice and without the Makers’ consent, Payee may i ncur expenses to collect amounts due under this Note, enforce terms of Note or any other Loan Documents, preserve dispose Collateral. Among things, include payments for property taxes, prior liens, insurance (including force-placed insurance), appraisals, environmental remediation costs, attorney’s fees costs. If incurs these expenses, then demand immediate repayment from Makers add principal balance. requests legal services by an attorney enforcement, modification collection, through proceeding at law in equity bankruptcy, receivership, out-of-court workout, court proceedings, agree pay all costs including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees.
If this Amendment is executed in counterparts, each hereby declared to be an original; all, however, shall constitute but one and the same amendment. In any action or proceeding, photographic, photostatic, other copy of may introduced into evidence without foundation. The parties agree accept a digital image (including not limited form PDF, JPEG, GIF file, e-signature) Amendment, if applicable, reflecting execution both parties, as true correct original.
The Borrower shall comply in all material respects with Applicable Law (including applicable Healthcare Laws), orders and Facility Documents preserve maintain its limited liability company existence, rights, franchises, qualifications privileges, except each case, where the failure to could not reasonably be expected materially adversely affect Borrower’s ability perform obligations hereunder or assign collect Receivables hereunder.
Neither this Note nor the proceeds hereof shall be assignable by Borrower without Lender’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment consent create a default under Note. This may assigned, in whole or part, Lender its successors assigns. The Borrower’s not required for such assignment. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and shall constitute an agreement binding on all parties notwithstanding that are not signatories to the original or same counterpart provided furnished a copy copies thereof reflecting signature of parties.
No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive the Company. waiver either party hereto at any time breach other of, compliance with, condition performed shall deemed a similar dissimilar provisions conditions same prior subsequent time. agreement representations, oral otherwise, express implied, with respect subject matter hereof have been made which not expressly set forth Agreement.
Each Loan Party will, do or cause to be done all things necessary preserve, renew and keep in full force effect its Subsidiaries’ legal existence the rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks trade names material conduct of business; provided that foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 .
The Company shall continue to engage primarily in the automotive business and preserve, renew keep full force effect its organizational existence take all reasonable actions maintain rights necessary for normal conduct of principal line business, except, each case, (i) extent that failure do so would not have a Material Adverse Effect (ii) as otherwise permitted or provided Loan Documents.
Such Seller is a duly formed and validly existing Delaware limited liability company, in existence good standing (or will be by the Closing applicable to such Seller) under laws of State Delaware. Each Subsidiary Company owned company its jurisdiction formation. has delivered or made available Purchaser correct complete copies current operating agreement, any amendments thereto, as applicable, each Companies.
The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of 10.02(e) shall survive resignation Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer Swing Line Lender, replacement termination Aggregate Commitments, repayment, satisfaction or discharge all other Obligations Agreement. The Company may deduct from any compensation payable to Executive (including payments made pursuant this ARTICLE II or in connection with the termination of employment III Agreement) amounts sufficient cover Executive’s share applicable federal, state and/or local income tax withholding, social security payments, disability and other insurance premiums payments.
When a reference is made in this Agreement to Sections, such shall be Section of unless otherwise indicated. The headings contained are for purposes only and not affect any way the meaning or interpretation Agreement. words “include,” “includes” “including” when used herein deemed each case followed by “without limitation.” phrases “the date Agreement”, hereof”, terms similar import, context requires, refer first above written. Unless requires: (i) gender include other gender; (ii) using singular plural number also number, respectively; (iii) “hereof,” “herein,” “hereunder” derivative entire
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, including via facsimile transmission or other electronic capable authentication, each which when so delivered shall an original, but all together constitute one same agreement. A set lodged with Borrower Administrative Agent.
This Agreement, the Ancillary Documents and Amended Restated Omnibus Agreement supersede any previous understandings or agreements among Parties, whether oral written, with respect to their subject matter. contain entire understanding of Parties matter hereof thereof. No understanding, representation, promise agreement, is intended be shall included in form part this unless it contained a written amendment hereto thereto executed by after date Agreement. To extent that there conflict between prevail.
No Loan Party, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge Parties, their respective directors, officers, employees or agents, is an individual entity that is, owned controlled by (i) currently subject target Sanctions, (ii) a Sanctioned Person (iii) located, organized resident in Country. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, LAW OF STATE NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 5-1402 GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW.
Tenant shall pay to Landlord on demand all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by in connection with reviewing responding any proposed Transfer request for consent to, or waiver of Landlord’s rights with, security interest Tenant’s property at the Premises). Such also include considering improvements Alterations be made Transfer.
Upon termination of Executive’s employment, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all officer and management positions then held with the Company. Following any employment prior last day reasonably cooperate Company in winding up pending work on behalf orderly transfer other employees. also defense action brought by third party against that relates at Company’s sole cost expense.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall constitute one and the same original. Signatures notices delivered by facsimile (including, without limitation, “pdf”) deemed effective for all purposes. This Plan and the rights obligations hereunder shall be governed by construed in accordance with internal laws of State Wisconsin (excluding any choice law rules that may direct application another jurisdiction).
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts and delivered by facsimile other form of electronic transmission, each which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute one the same instrument. The Parties hereby submit to, and waive any venue objections against, the sole exclusive jurisdiction of state federal courts located in Orange County State California.
This Agreement and the legal relations between parties hereto shall be governed by construed enforced in accordance with Laws of State California, without regard to its principles conflicts law. This Amendment shall in all respects be governed by, and construed accordance with, the laws of State New York applicable to contracts executed performed entirely within such further subject provisions § 19 23 Credit Agreement.
All disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to Purchaser regarding Company, its business and transactions contemplated hereby, including Disclosure Schedules this Agreement, is true correct in all material respects does not contain any untrue statement a fact omit state necessary order make statements made therein, light circumstances under which they were made, misleading. The press releases disseminated during twelve months preceding date Agreement taken as whole do required be stated therein when acknowledges agrees that nor has representations warranties with respect hereby other than those specifically set forth Section 3.2 hereof.
The Executive and the Company agree that damages for breach of any covenants under Sections 7 8 will be difficult to determine inadequate remedy harm which may caused thereby, therefore consent these enforced by temporary or permanent injunction without necessity bond. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible to participate in all retirement, compensation and benefit plans, practices, policies programs provided by Company other Executives of (except severance policies, or programs) subject eligibility criteria set forth therein, as such may amended terminated from time time.
In the event any one or more of provisions contained in this Agreement should be held invalid, illegal unenforceable respect, validity, legality and enforceability remaining herein therein, to fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall not way affected impaired thereby (it being understood that invalidity a particular provision jurisdiction itself affect validity such other jurisdiction). The parties endeavor good-faith negotiations replace with valid economic effect which comes as close possible provisions.
All documents, records, data, apparatus, equipment and other physical property, whether or not pertaining to Confidential Information, that are furnished the Employee by Employer its Affiliates produced in connection with Employee’s employment will be remain sole property of Affiliates. The shall return all such materials as when requested Employer. In any event, immediately upon termination for reason. retain material copies thereof after termination. It is specifically agreed card files, notebooks, programs, similar items containing customer patient information regardless whom they were compiled.
This Amendment shall be a contract made under and governed by the internal laws of State New York. The choice law venue jury trial waiver provisions set forth in Section 12 Credit Agreement are incorporated herein reference apply all respects to this Amendment. The provisions of Section 5.1(l) the Loan Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference into this Deed Trust to same extent and with force as if fully set forth herein.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower Administrative Agent, sell participations to Person (other than a natural (or holding company, investment vehicle trust for, owned and operated for primary benefit Person), of Borrower’s Affiliates Subsidiaries) (each, “ Participant ”) in all portion such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitments Advances owing it); provided that (i) shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto performance obligations, (iii) Borrower, Agent Lenders continue deal directly with connection Agreement. For avoidance doubt, each be indemnity ‎Section 8.05 respect payments made by Participant(s).
Where any right, determination or other decision of Licensor (or its Designee) is granted, required, authorized otherwise permitted under this Exhibit D , shall have the right to exercise such make decide matter in sole and absolute discretion. For avoidance doubt, no by Purchase Right with respect a default subsequent abandonment thereof) waive be deemed further rights Section 15.4.5 Agreement Licensee provision 15.4 that resulted Licensor’s Right.
Executive shall be entitled to participate in benefits under the Company’s benefit plans and arrangements, including, without limitation, any employee plan or arrangement made available future by Company its senior executives, subject on a basis consistent with terms, conditions overall administration of such arrangements. The have right amend delete executives not otherwise specifically provided for herein. also supplemental as are agreed upon from time time.
On the Closing Restatement Effective Date, (i) after giving effect to consummation of Transactions and any rights contribution, Loan Parties, taken as a whole, are shall be Solvent (ii) Administrative Agent have received Solvency Certificate from chief financial officer Borrower Holdings. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts by original, facsimile or email signature. All shall constitute one not withstanding that all signatories are to the original same counterpart. Facsimile and scanned signatures considered signatures.
Employer shall pay or reimburse Executive for reasonable and necessary expenses directly incurred by in the course of Executive’s employment accordance with Employer’s standard policies practices as effect from time to time. All reimbursements under this Section 1(b)(iv) be made soon practicable following submission a reimbursement request, but no later than end calendar quarter month during which underlying expense was incurred. No right Agreement subject liquidation exchange another benefit.
Notices under this Note must be in writing and mailed by United States mail, certified mail with return receipt requested, duly addressed, postage prepaid, to the party involved at its respective address set forth herein or such other as each may provide notice from time time. will effective when deposited. Each promptly notify of any change that party's address.
This Guaranty hereby replaces in its entirety, that certain Amendment and Restatement of Continuing Agreement Suretyship dated as December 19, 2013, given by the Guarantors favor Administrative Agent (as thereafter amended, supplemented or modified from time to time, “ Amended Restated ”), acknowledge agree further amendment restatement this is not intended constitute, nor does it a novation, interruption, suspension continuity, satisfaction, discharge termination obligations, liabilities, indebtedness under entitled all rights benefits originally pertaining Agreement, such may have been amended pursuant terms Guaranty.
This Agreement and any claim, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract tort otherwise) based upon, arising out relating to this the transactions contemplated hereby thereby shall be governed by, construed accordance with, laws United States State California, without giving effect choice conflict law provision rule California other jurisdiction).
Unless this Agreement is terminated under Section 8, the representations and warranties of Company Buyers contained in Sections 2 3, agreements covenants set forth 4, 5 9 shall survive Closing. Each Buyer be responsible only for its own representations, warranties, hereunder. All expenses and liabilities incurred by the Committee in administration interpretation of Plan or any Award Agreement shall be borne Company. The may employ attorneys, consultants, accountants, other persons connection with Plan, Company, its officers directors, entitled to rely upon advice, opinions, valuations such persons.
The Borrower will not, and not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into transaction, including, without limitation, purchase, sale, lease or exchange Property the rendering service, with Affiliate (other than Wholly-Owned Subsidiary Guarantors), unless such transactions are otherwise prohibited under this Agreement upon fair reasonable terms no less favorable to it would obtain in a comparable arm’s length transaction Person an Affiliate; provided, however, that Section 9.14 shall be applicable (i) Permitted PEI Payments (ii) Tax Distributions extent permitted by 9.04(a).
This Agreement shall be effective as of January 8, 2016, and continue in full force effect until such time all Borrower's Loans favor Lender have been paid full, including principal, interest, costs, expenses, attorneys' fees, other fees charges, or the parties may agree writing to terminate this Agreement. All negotiations relative to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby have been carried out by Purchaser directly with Seller without intervention of any Person on behalf in such manner as give rise valid claim for a finder’s fee, brokerage commission or similar payment.
The Holder represents that, during the Initial Period and Valuation Period, neither it nor any of its partners, directors, officers, representatives, managed accounts Affiliates will purchase or sell shares Common Stock enter into engage in short sale purchase, grant option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right other similar (including, without limitation, put call option swap transaction) with respect to having measurement relating Stock.
The Plan does not constitute a contract of employment, and selection as Participant will give any employee the right to be retained in employ Company or Subsidiary. serve evidence an agreement understanding, express implied, that retain director for period time. Subject provisions paragraph IV.3(a), no award under shall confer upon holder thereof stockholder prior date on which he fulfills all service requirements other conditions receipt shares Stock. If redistribution is restricted pursuant I.8, certificates representing such may bear legend referring restrictions.
Use the proceeds of Revolving Facility Loans and Swingline request issuance Letters Credit for general corporate purposes. Such Credit Party will comply (and the Borrower cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to comply) with all laws, rules, regulations and orders, applicable restrictions imposed by Governmental Authorities, it property if noncompliance any such law, rule, regulation, order or restriction would be reasonably expected have a Adverse Effect.
This Agreement has been executed and delivered in, shall be interpreted, construed, enforced under the laws of, State of Texas, without giving effect to its conflicts law principles. Consultant knowingly intentionally consents jurisdiction in Dallas County, Texas. With respect any dispute between Company arising out or way related this Agreement, agreed resolve such dispute(s) before a judge jury. knowledge policy, continues work for thereafter, hereby Waiving Consultant’s right trial by jury agrees have resolved Judge competent court sitting Jury.
Seller [REDACTED] understands and agrees that the restrictions contained in Sections 13 14 of this Agreement may limit his ability to engage certain businesses within restricted area during period provided for herein, but acknowledges he will receive sufficiently high remuneration other benefits under justify such restriction. money damages would not be a sufficient remedy breach either or , both Citiwaste Purchaser shall entitled enforce provisions by specific performance injunctive relief as remedies any threatened breach, without requirement securing posting bond connection with remedies. Such deemed exclusive addition all available at law equity Purchaser, including, limitation, recovery from [REDACTED].
The Plan and this Agreement (including all exhibits appendices hereto) constitute the entire agreement of parties supersede in their entirety prior undertakings agreements Company Participant with respect to subject matter hereof. Nonetheless, reserves right impose other requirements on Participant’s participation Plan, Option any Shares acquired under extent determines it is necessary or advisable for legal administrative reasons, require sign additional that may be accomplish foregoing. In event inconsistency between Agreement, terms will control.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute and the same instrument. Any party execute this by facsimile .pdf signature other entitled to rely on such as evidence that has been duly party. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings provided to such Loan Agreement (including as amended by Amendment).
(a) Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself its property, the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or federal United States America sitting in City, appellate from thereof, action proceeding arising out relating other Loan Documents, recognition enforcement judgment, each parties hereto agrees that all claims respect such may be heard determined or, extent permitted by law, court. a final judgment shall conclusive enforced jurisdictions suit on manner provided law. Nothing affect right Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank Lender otherwise have bring Document against Pledgor, properties, courts jurisdiction.
Business Associate agrees to make its internal practices, books, and records relating the use disclosure of Protected Health Information received from, or created by on behalf of, Covered Entity available Entity, Secretary, in a time manner designated for purposes Secretary determining compliance with HIPAA Regulations. The Plan and this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement with respect to subject matter thereof hereof, provided that in event of any inconsistency between Agreement, terms conditions shall control.
Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, the Purchase Agreement shall remain in full force and effect is otherwise unchanged. The shall, together with amendments thereto set forth be read a single document. This Amendment may executed two or more counterparts, all of which when taken considered one same agreement become effective counterparts have been signed each party delivered to other party, it being understood that parties need not sign counterpart. In event any signature facsimile transmission e-mail delivery “.pdf” format data file, such create valid binding obligation executing (or on whose behalf executed) if page were an original thereof.
Unless specifically provided or stated herein, this Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between Executive Company pertaining to subject matter hereof supersedes prior contemporaneous understandings, agreements, warranties, both written oral, with respect such matter; provided, however , that shall not effect terms conditions cash awards granted pursuant PICP. Without limiting generality foregoing, parties acknowledge any agreements had its affiliates predecessors relating (including, without limitation, Employment Agreement, dated as August 1, 2014, by Performance Technologies, LLC Executive). The mutually agree can be enforced in court cited evidence legal proceedings alleging breach Agreement.
This Agreement (including the exhibits and schedules hereto) other agreements to be delivered in connection with Transactions represent entire agreement between parties hereto supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations, oral or written, concerning subject matter hereof. The referenced this constitute an integral part of are incorporated herein by reference made a
EACH BORROWER AND OTHER CREDIT PARTY IRREVOCABLY UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF COURTS STATE NEW YORK SITTING IN CITY UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN SUCH STATE, ANY APPELLATE FROM THEREOF, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT RELATING THIS AGREEMENT DOCUMENT, RECOGNITION ENFORCEMENT JUDGMENT, PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS RESPECT MAY BE HEARD DETERMINED OR, FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FEDERAL COURT. A FINAL JUDGMENT SHALL CONCLUSIVE ENFORCED JURISDICTIONS SUIT ON MANNER PROVIDED LAW.
The General Partner may, at any time and from to time, determine that the Partnership requires additional funds (“ Additional Funds ”) for acquisition or development of Properties, redemption Units such other purposes as may in its sole absolute discretion. be obtained by Partnership, election Partner, manner provided in, accordance with, terms this Section 4.3 without approval Limited Partners.
The Guarantor agrees that, as between the and Secured Parties, obligations of Issuer under Note Agreement may be declared to forthwith due payable provided in Paragraph 7A (and shall deemed have become automatically circumstances clause (viii), (ix) or (x) said 7A) for purposes guarantee hereunder notwithstanding any stay, injunction other prohibition preventing such declaration (or from becoming payable) against event obligations’ being payable), (whether not by Issuer) hereof.
Notwithstanding anything in any Loan Document to the contrary, for purposes of this Exhibit O, each notice or other communication required be delivered otherwise provided Administrative Agent (or its delegate) shall deemed have been given upon Agent’s delegate’s) actual receipt during normal business hours such communication; that actually received outside as opening on next Business Day.
This Agreement cannot be changed, modified, extended or terminated except upon written amendment executed by the Executive and Company. The Executive agrees to cooperate, at the request and expense of Company, in prosecution and/or defense any claim or litigation which Company affiliate is involved on Termination Date thereafter that includes subject matter as has knowledge expertise.
No failure or delay on the part of any Party in exercising power right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor single partial exercise such power, abandonment discontinuance steps to enforce preclude other further thereof power. The rights and remedies Parties are cumulative not exclusive which they would otherwise have hereunder. provision this Agreement may be waived except pursuant writing executed by waiving Party.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of State New York, without regard to conflicts law principles such State. Unless specifically provided in this Agreement, all approvals or consents which are required hereunder shall not be unreasonably withheld delayed. The Executive’s failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision hereof shall not be deemed a waiver of such or other thereof.
Any notice required or contemplated by this Warrant shall be deemed to have been duly given if transmitted registered certified mail, return receipt requested, nationally recognized overnight delivery service, the Company at its principal executive offices, Holder name and address set forth in Register maintained Company. This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each which shall an original for all purposes, but taken together constitute only one agreement. become binding when or more counterparts hereof, individually together, bear the signatures parties reflected hereon as signatories.
Subtenant and Sublandlord further covenant to indemnify, hold harmless waive rights of recovery against the other same extent that Master Landlord agreed under Section 10.1 Lease. The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of Administrative Agent, Issuing Lender and Swing Line Lender, replacement any termination Commitments repayment, satisfaction or discharge all other Obligations.
Executive will receive paid vacation of 3 weeks per fiscal year. Beginning with 2016, any unused for a given calendar year shall accrue, and the aggregate value accrued be to upon termination Executive’s employment Company, provided that has submitted report Committee within 30 days following end each reporting on number such total but all prior years.
Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Citibank to act on its behalf as Agent hereunder and under other Loan Documents authorizes take such actions exercise powers are delegated by terms hereof or thereof, together with reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions this Article solely for benefit Lenders, neither Company nor any Party shall have rights a third-party beneficiary provisions. It is understood agreed that use term “agent” herein in (or similar term) reference not intended connote fiduciary implied express) obligations arising agency doctrine applicable law. Instead used matter market custom, create reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.
(a) (i) The fair value of the assets Holdings, Borrower and subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, at valuation, will exceed debts liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, respectively; (ii) present saleable property basis be greater than amount that required to pay probable liability respectively, their other as such liabilities become absolute matured; (iii) able (iv) not have unreasonably small capital with which conduct businesses in they are engaged now conducted proposed conducted.
PhotoMedex acknowledges that GlobalMed’s success after the Closing Date depends upon continued preservation of confidentiality certain information possessed by and such is an essential premise bargain between parties. Accordingly, will not use any confidential or proprietary involving relating to Assets except for benefit GlobalMed. This Eleventh Amendment (including, but not limited to, the validity and enforceability hereof) shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, laws of State Texas.
Executive shall receive a base salary at the rate of six hundred twenty-five thousand dollars ($625,000) per year ( “ Base Salary ” ), less required tax withholdings, payable in accordance with Company’s regular payroll schedule. Executive’s be reviewed from time to time. The Company and its Significant Subsidiaries are in compliance with all Requirements of Law applicable to them their respective businesses, except where the failure so comply individually or aggregate could not reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement may be terminated by the Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder, written notice other parties, if Closing has not been consummated on or before February 1, 2016; provided , however that termination will affect right of any party sue for breach (or parties). The Company shall pay Executive a Base Salary at an annualized rate of not less than $1,060,000 subject to increase, if any, as may be approved in writing by the Compensation Committee, but decrease from then-current Salary. payable accordance with regular payroll procedures Company.
Any payment to any Participant or Beneficiary in accordance with the provisions of Plan shall, extent thereof, be full satisfaction all claims against Company, Committee, Administrator and trustee Trust under Plan, Committee may require such Beneficiary, as a condition precedent pursuant execute receipt release effect on before date which is payable this Plan.
To the fullest extent permitted by law and Company’s articles of incorporation bylaws, Company hereby indemnifies Executive holds him harmless from Effective Date, through Term, after period Executive’s employment hereunder, against all loss, costs, damages, expenses including, without limitation, legal counsel (which will, to so permitted, advance as same are incurred) arising out or in connection with fact that was a director, officer, attorney, employee, agent serving such capacity for another corporation at request Company. This indemnification is addition provided certificate bylaws.
This Security Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this on any number separate counterparts (including facsimile other electronic transmission), and all said taken together shall deemed constitute same instrument. A set copies signed lodged with Collateral Agent Holdings. Each capitalized term which is defined in the Hedging Agreement, but not this shall have meaning ascribed such Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, all section references Agreement refer to
The Parent will not, and not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer property assets purchase, acquire from, engage in other transactions with, Affiliates, except (a) the ordinary course business at prices on terms conditions less favorable to such Subsidiary than could be obtained an arm’s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) between among wholly owned involving Affiliate, (c) Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.05 (e) payment management advisory fees 6.10 .
The Parent Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries owns, or has the legal right to use, all United States foreign patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark trade names, copyrights, technology, know-how processes necessary for them conduct business as currently conducted (the “ Intellectual Property ”) except those failure own have such use would not be reasonably expected a Material Adverse Effect. Except provided on Schedule 5.9 , no claim been asserted is pending by any Person against challenging questioning validity effectiveness Property, nor does know claim, and, knowledge Borrower, infringe rights Person, claims infringements which in aggregate,
This Amendment, together with the Agreement, contains entire agreement of parties and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous written oral agreements between them concerning subject matter this Amendment. (a) The Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 4.15 constitute all the of Borrower at date hereof and each Material Subsidiary is indicated by an asterisk 4.15. sets forth as name jurisdiction incorporation and, to Subsidiary, percentage class Capital Stock owned Borrower.
The Company shall employ Executive, and Executive hereby accepts employment with the Company, upon terms conditions set forth in this Agreement for period beginning on Effective Date automatically ending December 31, 2018, provided , however that may resign as an employee of at any time or no reason terminate Executive’s reason.
PSPC has kept all books and records since inception such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“ GAAP ”) consistently applied throughout the periods involved. The balance sheets are true accurate present fairly as of their respective dates condition PSPC. As date sheets, except to extent reflected or reserved against therein, including but not limited any previous tax liability had no liabilities obligations (absolute contingent) which should be notes thereto GAAP, assets therein properly reported value PSPC, GAAP. operations, stockholders’ equity cash flows reflect information required set forth by
The Corporation shall pay, or reimburse you for, all administrative fees and costs, arbitrator’s expenses incurred by in connection with any Dispute arising out of related to this Agreement. Any reimbursements payable pursuant Section 10(iii) be paid no later than December 31 the year following which cost was incurred. amount reimbursed one not affect eligible for reimbursement subsequent year, your right under will subject liquidation exchange another benefit.
All agreements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any document delivered pursuant hereto shall be for the benefit of respective parties survive execution delivery expiration other termination Agreement. On the Closing Date, Seller and Purchaser shall each deliver to other party hereto a duly executed bill of sale assignment in form substance acceptable its sole discretion evidencing Purchased Receivables (the “ Bill Sale ”).
In the case of a Third Party Claim or demand, other than Patent Claims which are subject to procedures set forth in Section 13.3, (“ ”) made by any Person who is not this Agreement (or an Affiliate thereof) as (the “ Indemnitor may be obligated provide indemnification pursuant Agreement, such seeking hereunder Indemnitee will notify writing (and specifying reasonable detail factual basis for and including, extent known, amount Claim) reasonably promptly after becoming aware Claim; provided, however, that failure give notification affect provided except shall have been actually materially prejudiced result failure.
The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, do or to be done all things necessary obtain, preserve, renew keep in full force effect legal existence the rights, licenses, permits, privileges, authorizations franchises material conduct business, except (other than with respect Borrower) extent that failure so, individually aggregate, would not reasonably expected have a Adverse Effect; provided foregoing shall prohibit any transaction permitted under Section 7.03.
The Committee will make available for inspection by any Participant a copy of this Plan and rules regulations used the in administering Plan. This Guaranty, the Merger Agreement, other Transaction Agreements and Confidentiality Agreement constitute entire agreement between parties hereto with respect to subject matters hereof thereof supersede all prior agreements understandings such matters.
You will be provided with information regarding Boston Scientific's current benefit programs following your acceptance of this offer. should review prior to start date so you are prepared enroll within first 31 days employment. Scientific reserves the right change and/or terminate any aspect our offerings, including employee contributions toward benefits.
Intrexon shall have executed and delivered the Amendments, Amendments be in full force effect. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of State California without regard to principles conflict laws. The Section headings appearing in this Agreement are for purposes of easy reference and shall not be considered a part or any way modify, amend affect its provisions.
There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of ADI, threatened contemplated, at law, in equity, arbitration before any Governmental Authority, by against ADI its Subsidiaries their properties revenues that (a) could reasonably be expected affect legality, validity enforceability this Agreement other Loan Document, transactions contemplated hereby, (b) either individually aggregate would have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement may be terminated on a Purchaser-by-Purchaser basis (i) by mutual consent between the Company and such Purchaser evidenced in writing (ii) or if Closing does not occur before August 1, 2016, provided that party seeking to terminate this pursuant Section 7.1 shall have breached any material respects its representations, warranties covenants set forth Agreement.
(a) Unless otherwise defined herein, terms which are in the Repurchase Agreement and used herein so as defined. The Company agrees that except in connection with a registration statement or statements regarding the Subscriber’s Units correspondence Commission same, it will not disclose publicly privately identity of Subscriber unless expressly agreed to writing by only extent required law and then upon less than three days prior notice Subscriber.
During the Term, Executive shall serve as Vice President, Managed Care & Trade Relations of Company, and perform executive administrative duties, functions privileges incumbent with such position other duties reasonably determined assigned by Chief Commercial Officer from time to time. The devote substantially all his time, attention skill except for paid vacation excused absence periods, Company faithfully best ability, use efforts promote success business Company. Executive’s employment is subject compliance Company’s policies, including any code conduct, may be amended
Executive recognizes and acknowledges that the Proprietary Information (as defined below) is a valuable, special unique asset of business Company. As result, both during Term thereafter, will not, without prior written consent Company, for any reason divulge to third-party or use his/her own benefit, purpose other than exclusive benefit Information. Notwithstanding foregoing, if compelled disclose by court order legal process, extent permitted applicable law, he shall promptly so notify Company it may seek protective assurance confidential treatment such be afforded, reasonably cooperate with in connection therewith. If obligated process Information, only minimum amount as necessary comply process.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed interpreted in accordance with the internal substantive laws of Ohio, without reference to principles conflict laws. ArchCo irrevocably grants, bargains, sells, assigns and otherwise transfers delivers to BRAM, its successors assigns, all rights obligations of Purchaser under the Purchase Agreement excluding only representations warranties made by extent as Date (the “Assumed Rights Obligations”).
The remedies provided for herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other by law. Seller agrees to pay Buyer reasonable attorneys’ fees legal expenses incurred in enforcing Buyer’s rights, powers under this Agreement each Program Agreement. The closing of the consummation transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the " Closing ") shall be deemed to have occurred as Effective Date.
Any notice or document required to be filed with the Committee under Plan will properly if delivered mailed by registered mail, postage prepaid, Committee, in care of Huron at its principal executive offices. The may, advance written affected persons, revise such procedure from time time. (other than exercise notice) may waived person entitled notice.
The proceeds of any Loan and Letter Credit will be used as set forth in Section 5.11. None Holdings, the Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary is engaged engage, principally one its important activities, business purchasing carrying margin stock (within meaning Regulation U Board), extending credit for purpose stock. No part used, whether directly indirectly, immediately, incidentally ultimately, that entails a violation (including on Lender) regulations Board, including Regulations X.
These LTIP Terms and Conditions, the Award Agreement Plan constitute entire agreement of parties with respect to subject matter hereof supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings agreements Company Participant hereof. Interest on the 2016 Note, unpaid fees and other sums payable thereunder shall be calculated basis of a 360 day year consisting 12 thirty months. Note any hereunder
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Borrower may request issuance of Letters Credit denominated in Dollars for its own account, a form reasonably acceptable Administrative Agent Issuing Bank, at any time from during period Effective Date tenth Business Day prior Revolving Termination Date. In event inconsistency between this Agreement letter credit application or other agreement submitted by to, entered into with, Bank relating Letter Credit, shall control.
This Guarantee represents the entire agreement and understanding of this parties concerning subject matter hereof, supersedes all other prior agreements, understandings, negotiations discussions, representations, warranties, commitments, proposals, offers contracts whether oral or written. The term of the Company commenced on date Articles were filed and shall continue as provided in Section 13.2, unless is dissolved accordance with provisions this Agreement.
Unclaimed amounts shall consist of the Deferral Account a Non-Employee Director that are not distributed because Administrator’s inability, after reasonable search, to locate or his Beneficiary, as applicable, within period two (2) years Distribution Date upon which payment any benefits becomes due. be forfeited at end such two-year period. These forfeitures reduce obligations Corporation under Plan, and have no further right Account.
The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provision of 10.02(e) shall survive resignation Administrative Agent, L/C Issuers Swing Line Lender, replacement any termination Aggregate Commitments repayment, satisfaction or discharge all other Obligations. The Loan Documents and the Environmental Indemnity are not subject to any right of rescission, set off, counterclaim or defense by Borrower TRS Entity, including usury, nor would operation terms Indemnity, exercise thereunder, render unenforceable, neither Entity has asserted with respect thereto.
The Term of this Lease shall begin on the Commencement Date and end Expiration unless terminated earlier or extended pursuant to provisions Lease. Landlord deliver possession Premises Tenant in condition specified Section 2.3 below. use commercially reasonably efforts Anticipated Delivery Date. If Landlord, for any reason whatsoever, cannot below before Date, not be void voidable a period one hundred eighty (180) days thereafter, default liable loss damage resulting therefrom. has delivered expiration day following then may terminate upon less than ten (10) days’ prior written notice but event delivery Premises.
This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between Parties concerning termination of Mr. Brady’s employment and his service as a director or consultants to Company Bank, supersedes any other written oral promises subject matter this Agreement. No waiver amendment will be effective unless it is in writing, refers Agreement, signed by Parties.
At the request of Collateral Agent, Loan Parties will promptly deliver to Agent modifications Section III Perfection Certificate include any Intellectual Property acquired or arising after date hereof such Grantor including, without limitation, items listed in SECTION 6.5 hereof. No amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision this Note other Loan Document, and no consent to departure by Borrower herefrom, shall in event be effective unless the same writing signed Lender, then such only specific instance for purpose which given.
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, parties hereto will, from time time, do all acts and things execute deliver such further documents instruments, as other may, either before or after Closing Date, reasonably require effectively carry out better evidence perfect full intent meaning Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire understanding between and among parties supersedes any prior understandings agreements, including December 11, 2015 Agreement, them respecting subject matter of this Agreement.
Tenant shall enjoy the tenancy of Property subject to provisions hereof, for a term commencing on Lease Date (the “ Commencement ”), and ending at 11:59 p.m. day immediately preceding expiration or termination initial Ground Expiration adjustment as provided in this Lease. For clarity, are same date such terms may be used herein interchangeably.
ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, SHALL BE BROUGHT AND MAINTAINED EXCLUSIVELY THE COURTS OF STATE COLORADO UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR NORTHERN COLORADO; PROVIDED THAT NOTHING DEEMED OPERATE TO PRECLUDE BANK FROM BRINGING SUIT TAKING LEGAL ACTION JURISDICTION. BORROWER HEREBY EXPRESSLY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS JURISDICTION PURPOSE SUCH AS SET FORTH ABOVE. FURTHER CONSENTS SERVICE PROCESS BY REGISTERED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, PERSONAL WITHIN WITHOUT COLORADO. WAlVES, FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED LAW, OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW HEREAFTER HAVE LAYING VENUE REFERRED ABOVE CLAIM HAS BEEN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.
Each of the consolidating (if requested) and consolidated audited balance sheet related statements income, stockholder’s equity cash flow Guarantor its Subsidiaries as for fiscal years ended December 31, 2007 2008, copies which have heretofore been furnished to each Lender, present fairly financial condition results operation flows such date period. The unaudited Credit Party quarter September 30, 2009 (in case Borrower) operations periods.
This Agreement and the Investor constitute full entire understanding agreement between parties with respect to subject matter hereof thereof, any other written or oral relating thereof existing among are expressly canceled. By execution hereof, Borrower and Guarantors certify that as of the date this Amendment immediately after giving effect to Amendment, no Default or Event has occurred is continuing.
This Agreement shall be binding upon any successor of the Company or Partnership, in accordance with terms this and Plan. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF STATE NEW YORK EXCLUDING CHOICE-OF-LAW PRINCIPLES LAWS SUCH THAT WOULD REQUIRE APPLICATION A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN STATE.
All representations and warranties made hereunder, in the other Loan Documents any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto connection herewith shall survive execution delivery of this Agreement making Loan. This agreement may be executed in one or more counter-parts, each of which so shall constitute an original and all together the same agreement.
Except as set forth on Schedule 5.1(p) , of the Agreement Date, no Credit Party or any Restricted Subsidiary a owns registered Intellectual Property, and has pending registration applications with respect to foregoing. No other Property is necessary for operation business Parties their Subsidiaries. material licenses certifications are Parties’ Subsidiaries’ business.
There are no actions, investigations, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Borrower, threatened, at law, in equity arbitration, before any court, other Governmental Authority, arbitrator Person, (i) against affecting Restricted Parties their respective properties that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) with respect this Agreement, Credit Documents, Transaction Documents transactions contemplated hereby thereby.
Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be all Tax returns reports required have been paid Taxes by it, except (i) where failure do so, individually in aggregate, could not reasonably expected result a material adverse effect on business, assets financial condition Subsidiaries, taken as whole (ii) for that are being contested good faith appropriate proceedings which such Subsidiary, applicable, set aside books adequate reserves. No tax liens no claims asserted with respect any Taxes, other than (x) that, (y) is resident purposes jurisdiction outside United States.
Any written notice under this Agreement shall be deemed given on the date that is three business days after it sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed either to Participant at his address as indicated in Company’s employment records Company its principal office. may using any other means (including personal delivery, expedited courier, messenger service, telecopy, ordinary mail electronic mail) but no such have been duly unless and until actually received intended recipient.
If any term or other provision of this letter is invalid, illegal incapable being enforced by law public policy, all terms and provisions Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force effect so long as the economic legal substance transactions contemplated hereby not affected manner materially adverse to party. The parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement event any ambiguity or question intent interpretation, no presumption burden proof shall arise favoring disfavoring party by virtue authorship provisions Agreement.
The Warrant Holders hereby represents and warrants to the Company that: (a) has full complete power, legal right authority execute deliver this Agreement carry out its provisions; (b) execution, delivery performance of by been duly authorized all necessary action, if any, on part Holders; (c) is legal, record beneficial owner Warrants consist purchase capital stock held Holders.
The provisions of Article 8 the ABL Intercreditor Agreement will apply with like effect to this Grantor Joinder Agreement. No amendment or waiver of any provision this Agreement other Loan Document, and no consent to departure by the Credit Parties therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed Lender applicable Parties, as case may be, each such only specific instance for purpose which given.
The Associate shall perform, for Benefitfocus, the duties set out in attached Exhibit A entitled “Job Description,” which is incorporated herein and made a part of this Agreement, along with those other as may be assigned to from time by Benefitfocus’ Chief Executive Officer or their designee. The grant by PFM to Array of the rights set forth in this Section 14.2 is conditioned upon indemnity 16.2 with respect Third Party Claims resulting from (or its designee’s) Development, registration and Commercialization Product Territory following termination Agreement.
This Award Agreement will be governed by the laws of State California, without giving effect to conflict law principles thereof. For purposes litigating any dispute that arises under this Option or Agreement, parties hereby submit and consent jurisdiction California , agree such litigation conducted in courts Santa Clara County, federal for United States Northern District no other courts, where is made and/or performed.
Employee will not at any time publish or communicate disparaging derogatory statements opinions about the Company its Affiliates, including but limited to, Company’s Affiliates’ management, products services to third party. It shall be a breach of this Section 7(f) for testify truthfully in judicial administrative proceeding make allegations as required by law legal filings, including, without limitation, such filings made enforce her rights against affiliates, that are based on Employee’s reasonable belief and bad faith.
Each Service Agreement and these General Terms Conditions shall be governed by construed in accordance with the laws of Malaysia. The parties hereto consent to submit jurisdiction Courts Malaysia for any actions, suits or proceedings arising out relating each Conditions. Borrower shall keep and maintain all Intellectual Property relating to the use or operation of each Individual be held by (if applicable) registered in name Borrower. not Transfer let lapse any without Lender’s prior consent.
This Agreement shall be construed under and governed in all respects by the laws of The Commonwealth Massachusetts, without regard to its principles conflict laws. parties hereto agree that state or federal courts located within Massachusetts have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out this hereby submit personal such courts.
No waiver of any the provisions this Agreement or rights hereunder shall be deemed constitute a other hereof right (whether not similar), nor such continuing unless otherwise expressly provided. course dealing on part Party their respective officers, employees, agents, representatives, failure by to exercise its under operate as thereof affect in way at later time enforce performance provision. condition, breach term, covenant, representation warranty contained Agreement, one more instances, construed further condition representation, warranty. The Parties cumulative, and partial preclude right.
Any claim or dispute arising under this Agreement (other than § 12) shall be subject to arbitration, and prior commencing any court action, the parties agree that they arbitrate all such controversies. The arbitration conducted in Atlanta, Georgia, accordance with Employment Dispute Rules of American Arbitration Association Federal Act, 9 U.S.C. §1, et. seq. arbitrator(s) authorized award both liquidated actual damages, addition injunctive relief, but no punitive damages. also attorney’s fees costs, without regard restriction on amount Georgia other applicable law. Such an binding conclusive upon hereto, §10. Each party have right made judgment a competent jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced under the laws of State Texas without giving effect to its conflicts principles. Notices shall be given under this Agreement in the manner set forth Loan Agreement. An Eligible Participant must complete three Years of Service for vesting purposes (as such service is calculated under the Sub-Plan in which was eligible to accrue benefits as December 31, 2014) order be vested Additional Account benefit.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, any Account Party may request Issuing Lender issue, at time from during Availability Period, Fronted Letters of Credit for its own account. Each Letter shall be in such form as is consistent with requirements applicable regulatory authorities reasonably determined by Administrative Agent (in consultation XL Group) or otherwise agreed Group. issued hereunder constitute utilization Commitments. Such denominated, relevant Party’s request, Dollars Alternative Currency.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OTHER THEORY). (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
In exchange for the severance pay and other consideration under Transition Agreement to which Executive would not otherwise be entitled, agrees disparage Company, Company’s officers, directors, employees, shareholders agents, in any manner likely harmful them or business, business reputation personal reputation. Nothing this shall prevent either Company employees who are aware of existence from responding accurately fully question, inquiry request information when required by legal process. Similarly, harm Executive.
The Company shall use the net proceeds from sale of Securities hereunder for working capital purposes, as approved by Board Directors. Any single expenditure Company, and any series related expenditures that exceeds $10,000 require written approval Series D Designee. The effective date of the Plan shall be its adoption by Board, subject only to approval affirmative vote a majority votes cast at meeting shareholders which quorum is present held within twelve (12) months such adoption. No Options or Awards vest hereunder unless shareholder obtained.
Each of Tenzing Global, on the one hand, and Company, other acknowledges agrees that irreparable injury to Party hereto may occur in event any provisions this Agreement are not performed accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached such would be adequately compensable monetary damages. It is accordingly agreed hand (the “ Moving ”), shall each entitled enforcement of, injunctive equitable relief prevent violation hereof, party will take action, directly indirectly, opposition seeking grounds remedy available.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Precision Aero-Missile hereby offer Executive accepts employment as Chief Officer of President Aero-Missile, effective April 1, 2016 (the "Effective Date"). Executive's office will be located at Company's headquarters 351 Camer Drive, Bensalem, PA 19020. All Liens granted to the Administrative Agent under Loan Documents are for benefit of Secured Parties. The Borrower and each Guarantor ratifies security interest pursuant Security Instruments other Documents, financing statement filed, any action taken by before Eighth Amendment Effective Date effect or perfect its Lien on Collateral.
Effective on the consummation of transactions (including without limitation merger (“ Merger ”)) contemplated by Agreement and Plan ”) among DENTSPLY International Inc., Sirona Dental Systems, Inc. Dawkins Sub, dated September 15, 2015 (the “ Date ”), Company shall employ Executive remain in Company, for period position set forth this Section 1 , subject to other terms conditions herein provided. In event above-mentioned closing does not occur any reason, become effective be null void no force or effect.
Cessation or termination of Executive’s employment with the Company shall not result in this Agreement. The respective obligations Executive and as provided Sections 5, 6, 7 8 Agreement survive cessation hereunder. The Borrower shall pay such fees to the Administrative Agent, for its own account and benefit of Lenders providing Incremental Increase, as are agreed mutually at time Increase is established.
The portion of a Participant’s Account attributable to credits under Sections 4.1 (Match) and 4.3 (Elective Deferrals) is fully vested at all times. Section 4.2 (Retirement Accumulation) the same extent as Retirement Accumulation RSP. No failure or delay on the part of any Party hereto in exercise right hereunder shall impair such be construed as a waiver of, acquiescence in, breach representation, warranty, covenant agreement herein, nor single partial preclude other further thereof right.
None of the Borrower or any Subsidiaries is in default under provision indenture other agreement instrument evidencing Indebtedness, material to which it a party by its properties assets are may be bound, where such default, individually aggregate, could reasonably expected result Material Adverse Effect. During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by in performing services hereunder, including of travel and living while away from home, provided that such are accounted accordance with policies procedures established Corporation.
If any provision in this Agreement will be found or held to invalid unenforceable, then the meaning of said construed, extent feasible, so as render enforceable, and if no feasible interpretation would save such provision, it severed from remainder which remain full force effect unless is essential material rights benefits received by party. In event, parties use their respective best efforts negotiate, good faith, a substitute, valid enforceable agreement most nearly affects parties’ intent entering into Agreement.
The ABL Agent, on behalf of itself and each Lender, Term Loan applicable agrees that them shall take such further action execute deliver to the Lenders, Agents Lenders additional documents instruments (in recordable form, if requested) as or may reasonably request, at expense Borrower, effectuate terms Lien priorities contemplated by this Agreement.
Indemnitee shall promptly give the Company notice in writing of any Claim made against for which indemnification will or could be sought under this Agreement. Notice to directed General Counsel at address shown on signature page Agreement (or such other as designate Indemnitee); provided, however, that failure not relieve it from liability may have Agreement, except extent has been materially prejudiced (through forfeiture substantive rights defenses) by failure. In addition, reasonably cooperate with and information require.
CannaSys hereby sells, transfers, and sets over to LuvBuds, free clear of any all liens that may have arisen between December 18, 2015 the Effective Date, CannaSys's right, title, interest in Acquired Assets (as defined APA) additional assets acquired by LuvBuds Date. accepts assumes obligations duties under Assets, assets, Assumed Liabilities arising after
The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by the Purchaser has been duly authorized all requisite action, constitutes legal, valid, binding obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms, except (a) as limited applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, other laws general application affecting enforcement creditors’ rights generally, (b) relating to availability specific performance, injunctive relief or equitable remedies.
This Commitment Letter and the Fee Letters may be executed in multiple counterparts by different parties hereto separate counterparts, all of which, taken together, shall constitute an original. Delivery counterpart a signature page to this or telecopier, facsimile other electronic transmission (e.g., “pdf” “tiff”) effective as delivery manually thereof. Headings are for convenience reference only not affect construction of, into consideration when interpreting, Letters.
This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to this on any number separate counterparts, and all said counterparts taken together shall deemed constitute same instrument. Delivery an signature page email facsimile transmission effective as delivery a manually counterpart hereof. Executive agrees that following Executive’s termination of employment for any reason, he shall not make voluntary statements, written or oral, cause encourage others to such statements defame, disparage in way criticize the personal and/or business reputations, practices conduct Company its affiliates.
Executive acknowledges that a breach of this Section 5 will cause great and irreparable injury damage, which cannot be reasonably or adequately compensated by money damages. Accordingly, the remedies injunction specific performance shall available in event such breach, addition to damages, costs attorneys’ fees, other legal equitable remedies, Company entitled as matter course an pending trial, without posting bond security. Any period restriction set forth extended for time equal duration any violation hereof.
It is expressly agreed that the remedy at law for breach of any obligations set forth in this Article 12 inadequate view (i) complexities and uncertainties measuring actual damages would be sustained by reason failure a party to comply fully with each said obligations, (ii) uniqueness Member’s business assets relationship Members. Accordingly, aforesaid restrictions shall be, hereby made, enforceable specific performance.
OpCo hereby represents and warrants to the Company that, except as set forth on Annex C attached hereto, knowledge of (after reasonable inquiry) (i) execution delivery this Agreement by (ii) performance its obligations under do not violate, in any material respect, applicable law. All of each Borrower’s obligations under this Article III shall survive repayment all other DIP Term Credit Obligations hereunder and resignation the Administrative Agent.
Each of Parent, the Company and Surviving Entity will be entitled to deduct withhold from consideration otherwise payable any Equityholder or Blocker Seller such amounts as are required deducted withheld with respect making payment under Code other Legal Requirement. (as case may be) provide each (other than an employee Subsidiary) written notice intended deduction withholding within a commercially reasonable period time before is required. promptly pay cause paid pursuant this Section 3.9 for applicable Taxes appropriate Governmental Authority on behalf Equityholders Seller. To extent that so withheld, treated all purposes Agreement having been
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit parties hereto their respective successors permitted assigns. Neither nor any rights, interests or obligations under assigned by party (by operation Law otherwise) without prior written consent other Agreement. TPHX has been and is in compliance with, not received any notice of violation any, applicable law, order, ordinance, regulation or rule kind whatsoever, including without limitation the Securities Act, Exchange rules regulations SEC securities laws state.
Borrower shall promptly pay and discharge all taxes, assessments other governmental charges imposed upon or any Subsidiary the income, profits, property of claims for labor, material supplies that, if unpaid, might by law become a lien charge Subsidiary; provided, however, that none be required to such tax, assessment, claim, so long as validity thereof contested in good faith appropriate proceedings, adequate reserves therefor maintained on books Subsidiary.
The Parties to this Agreement hereby understand, acknowledge and agree that the provisions of: (i) Article 17 of Tornier N.V.’s Articles Association; (ii) any similar in charter documents Company affiliated entity (iii) Indemnification dated as June 10, 2013 between N.V. Executive are incorporated herein made a part hereof if set out verbatim remain full force effect accordance with their respective terms.
Except for statutory mechanics’ and material men’s liens, liens current taxes not yet delinquent, the Parties own, free clear of any claims, charges, options, or other encumbrances, all their tangible intangible property, real personal (except that sold disposed in ordinary course business since date such statements) property acquired statements. All is good operating condition repair, wear tear excepted.
To the extent required by law, Company shall withhold or cause to be withheld income and other taxes incurred Recipient reason of a grant Shares, agrees that he she upon request pay an amount sufficient satisfy its tax withholding obligations from time (including as Shares become vested). For purposes of this Agreement and the Performance RSUs granted hereunder, following defined terms shall have meanings set forth below, provided that, if Employee is a party to an employment agreement with Company which contains any in Employee’s govern hereunder.
Each Grantor agrees, jointly and severally, to defend, protect, indemnify hold the Collateral Agent each of Holders, harmless from against any all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, obligations, penalties, fees, costs expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable legal costs, expenses, disbursements such Person’s counsel) extent that they arise out or otherwise result this Agreement enforcement Agreement), except losses liabilities resulting solely directly gross negligence willful misconduct, as determined by a final judgment court competent jurisdiction.
This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in any number of counterparts, each which will deemed an original, but all constitute one and the same instrument. For purposes hereof, facsimile electronically scanned pdf copies hereof signatures shall authorized effective. If any provision of the Loan Documents shall be held invalid under applicable law, such invalidity not affect other that can given effect without provision, and, to this end, provisions are severable.
If Tenant signs as a corporation, limited liability company, or partnership, other business entity each person executing this Lease on behalf of hereby covenants and warrants that is duly authorized existing entity, qualified to do in Massachusetts, has full right authority enter into Lease, signing so no signatures are necessary. Upon Landlord's request, shall provide Landlord with evidence reasonably satisfactory confirming the foregoing warranties.
From the Effective Date until expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Seller and Buyer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take, cause be taken, all actions, do, done, things, necessary, proper advisable consummate transactions described in including, without limitation (a) obtaining necessary consents, approvals Authorizations required obtained from any Governmental Authority other Person under Agreement Applicable Law; (b) effecting registrations filings Law. After Closing, (at no cost expense such Party, than de minimis which requesting Party agrees writing reimburse) further effect contemplated by Agreement. The immediately preceding sentence Section 7.9 survive Closing as well
The Board shall establish such other conditions and restrictions on any shares of Restricted Stock as it may deem advisable, including time-based restrictions, or under applicable laws the requirements stock exchange market upon which are then listed traded, holding sale placed by Company vesting Stock. This Amendment No. 2 may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute and the same instrument. Signatures provided by facsimile transmission Adobe TM Portable Document Format (PDF) sent electronic mail to original signatures.
The representations and warranties made by the Stockholder in this Voting Agreement shall not survive any termination of Merger or Agreement. No modification, amendment or waiver of any provision this Agreement will in event be effective unless it is writing and signed by all Parties. WESTERN has materially complied with all laws, statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, and judgments, decisions orders entered by any federal, state, local or foreign court governmental authority instrumentality applicable relating to its businesses properties ("WESTERN Applicable Laws").
Pursuant to Section 2.09 of the Credit Agreement and subject terms conditions set forth herein in reliance upon representations warranties herein, Administrative Agent Lenders signatory hereto hereby consent Termination Date Extension agree that definition “Termination Date” 1.01 is amended delete reference “June 5, 2020” insert a 2021” lieu thereof. The Borrowers this constitutes second two initially permitted requests for extension under Agreement.
Maintain, in addition to what is required by any Loan Document, insurance policies with companies acceptable Bank its reasonable discretion and such amounts covering risks as are usually carried entities engaged similar businesses owning properties the same general areas which Borrowers operate, provided that event will maintain property comprehensive liability reasonably satisfactory provide a copy of all reviews conducted broker or agent. shall be named loss payee an additional insured under insurance.
No modification or waiver of any provision this Agreement consent to departure therefrom shall be effective unless in writing and approved by the Company Purchasers then-holding at least a majority interest outstanding Total Loan Amount (the “ Majority Holders ”). Any Notes may amended waived written Holders; provided, however, that no amendment materially adversely affect rights Purchaser group manner different from all without so affected.
For the convenience of parties any number counterparts hereof may be executed, and each such executed counterpart shall deemed an original, all together constitute one same instrument. Facsimile or .PDF transmission this Second Amendment to due sufficient delivery counterpart, facsimile signatures original for purposes enforcement construction Amendment. This AGREEMENT and any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements may be executed in as many counterparts deemed necessary convenient, by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall an original, but all such constitute one same agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall deemed to an original as against party whose signature appears thereon, and all together constitute one the same instrument. become binding when or more counterparts this Agreement, individually taken together, bear signatures parties reflected hereon signatories. Any facsimile Adobe portable document format copies hereof shall, for purposes, originals.
Other than as disclosed in writing to Buyer, the Company and Subsidiary have no actions, suits, or proceedings pending, at law equity, before any court other governmental agency instrumentality, domestic foreign, arbitrator of kind. The Seller has knowledge default on its part (or that Subsidiary) with respect judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, award, rule, regulation court, arbitrator, instrumentality.
The Borrower shall default in the payment (i) when due of any principal Loans or (ii) within three Business Days interest on fees owing hereunder other Credit Documents (iii) ten days amounts hereunder, under connection herewith. The Companies shall execute and deliver such further instruments do acts things as may be required to carry out the intent purposes of this Agreement.
(1) Subject to Section 2.19(c), the Borrower agrees pay Administrative Agent for account of each Lender an Unused Fee, which shall accrue at Applicable Rate per annum on daily unused amount Commitment such during period from and including Effective Date but excluding date terminates. For purposes determining any Lender’s Commitment, Swingline Exposure be deemed unused. Accrued Fees payable in arrears last day March, June, September December year Commitments terminate, commencing first occur after hereof. All computed basis a 360 days actual number elapsed (including day).
Any Unvested Profits Units that are forfeited pursuant to the terms of an Award Agreement and any Vested but have not achieved criteria for conversion Partnership Interest prior tenth (10 th ) anniversary date grant accordingly shall immediately be null void cease outstanding or rights except as otherwise provided in Agreement.
All fees required to be paid on the Closing Date pursuant Fee Letter and all reasonable, documented invoiced out-of-pocket expenses payable by Parent Lenders, Arrangers Agents or before (as previously agreed upon in writing Parent) shall have been extent due payable, at least three Business Days prior Date. The cure period and notice provisions set forth in the Credit Agreement shall be applicable to any Default under this Collateral Assignment.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, through Closing Date, each Party shall use its commercially reasonable efforts take, or cause be taken, all actions required by Agreement such that are reasonably necessary, proper advisable consummate make effective transactions contemplated Transactions. at any time from after Closing, Party’s request without further consideration, other (and in case Buyer Seller, applicable members Company to) execute deliver instruments sale, transfer, conveyance, assignment confirmation, provide materials information take as may order
To promptly give notice in writing to Bank of any litigation pending or threatened against Borrower. The headings contained in this Amendment are for reference purposes only and do not affect any way the meaning or interpretation of Amendment. The Corporation shall use the portion of aggregate Purchase Price that is deposited at Closing into Financing Account in accordance with Finance Agreement.
THIS AMENDMENT AND THE OTHER DOCUMENTS ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT TORT OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT RELATING TO DOCUMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY THEREBY SHALL (EXCEPT, AS DOCUMENT, EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN), BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED ACCORDANCE WITH, LAW STATE NEW YORK; PROVIDED , HOWEVER THAT EACH (A) INTERPRETATION DEFINITION COMPANY MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT WHETHER THERE HAVE OCCURRED A (B) CELATOR ACQUISITION BEEN CONSUMMATED WITH TERMS MERGER AGREEMENT, CASE, LAWS DELAWARE APPLICABLE AGREEMENTS MADE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD CONFLICT PRINCIPLES EXTENT ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD REQUIRED THEREBY.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Parties their respective successors permitted assigns; provided, that no Party this will assign its rights or delegate any all obligations under without express prior written consent other Agreement; further, either may part performance Services Service Providers obtaining Party, provided in case such assignment relieve assignor hereunder. Any purported transfer violation Section 7.01 null void effect.
As a condition to the Company's obligation issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise hereof, Holder shall execute Subscription Agreement attached hereto as Annex A. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic substantive laws of State Nevada, without giving effect to any choice or conflict law provision rule that would cause application other jurisdiction.
If the transactions contemplated herein are not consummated, or following occurrence of a Termination Date, if applicable, nothing shall be construed as waiver by any Party all such Party’s rights, other than provided in Section 17 this Agreement, and Parties expressly reserve their respective rights. The acknowledge that Plan, negotiations relating hereto part proposed settlement matters could otherwise subject litigation. Pursuant to Rule 408 Federal Rules Evidence, applicable state rules evidence, law, foreign domestic, Plan Term Sheet, related documents, thereto admissible into evidence proceeding, used party for reason whatsoever, including proceeding enforce its terms.
Each of the Loan Parties has requisite corporate power and authority to execute deliver this Amendment 2 any other Documents delivered in connection therewith, perform its obligations hereunder under such (as amended or modified hereby) which it is a party. The execution, delivery performance by each herewith have been duly approved all necessary company action no proceedings are consummate transactions.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between parties with respect to Shares, and supersedes all prior agreements understandings, relating subject matter of this Agreement. The following provisions shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement: ‎ARTICLE 1, ‎10, ‎11, ‎13, ‎14 and Sections ‎7.6, ‎8.1, ‎12.5, ‎12.6, ‎12.7, ‎12.8.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of State Delaware, without giving effect to principles conflicts law any jurisdiction. The representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in Article III shall be true correct all material respects on as date such Borrowing with same effect though made at time immediately after Borrowing.
Each Option granted under the Plan must be evidenced by an Award Agreement. At time any is granted, Committee will determine whether to Incentive Stock described in Code Section 422 or a Nonqualified Option, and clearly identified as its status Option. Options may only employees of Company Subsidiary Parent. exercised, entitled legend certificates representing shares purchased pursuant identify them upon exercise An within ten (10) years from earlier date adopted approved Company’s stockholders.
Except as the Committee may otherwise permit pursuant to Plan, rights and interests of Recipient under this Agreement not be sold, assigned, encumbered, pledged, or transferred except in event death Recipient, by will laws descent distribution. In any attempt sell, assign, encumber, pledge transfer its hereunder, provided [or Recipient’s Employment Agreement] * , levy attachment, execution similar process upon hereby conferred, Company terminate Performance Shares unvested Earned notice all hereunder shall thereupon become null void. The obligations, protections extend successors assigns Company.
EACH PARTY HERETO EXPRESSLY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LAWSUIT OR PROCEEDING RELATING ARISING WAY FROM THIS AGREEMENT, CIC SEVERANCE PLAN MATTERS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. Seller has obtained all consents and permissions (if any) related to the transactions herein contemplated required under any covenant, agreement, encumbrance, law or regulation by which Property is bound.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers recognized financial responsibility against such losses risks in amounts as management the believes to be reasonable customary businesses which engaged. To Company’s knowledge, since March 31, 2013, neither nor any Subsidiary has been refused insurance coverage sought or applied for Subsidiary, will unable renew existing when expires obtain similar from may necessary continue business at a cost that would not reasonably expected have Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without effect whatsoever on the between Company other Purchasers, written notice parties, if Closing has not been consummated or before September 15, 2016; provided , however that no termination will affect right of party sue for breach (or parties).
Each Loan Party and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries has duly complied, its properties business operations are in compliance, case all respects, with applicable Laws (including Environmental respect to Permits), except where noncompliance could not reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. There been no citations, notices or orders relating issued any Subsidiary under Law, such would No Inventory produced violation FLSA,
Each of the Loan Parties hereby irrevocably and absolutely waives any defenses, claims, counterclaims setoffs releases Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer Lenders from all demands or causes action kind, nature description, whether arising in law equity upon contract tort under state federal laws otherwise, which such Party has had, now made claim to have against person for by reason act, omission, matter, cause thing whatsoever relating this Amendment, Credit Agreement, other Document, beginning time including date hereof, are matured unmatured known unknown.
Pledgor (i) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction formation, has same legal name as it appears Pledgor’s organizational documents (ii) all powers governmental licenses, authorizations, registrations, permits, consents approvals required applicable order to carry on business now conducted. No delay by Holder in exercising any power or privilege hereunder, nor single partial exercise of shall preclude other further thereof, the hereunder.
The Borrower will not, and not permit any Subsidiary to, create or acquire additional unless the gives prior written notice to Agent of such creation acquisition complies with Section 10.1.13 . shall Restricted sell, assign otherwise dispose Equity Interests in except compliance 10.2.9(c) that Foreign Subsidiaries owned on Closing Date may be sold, assigned disposed connection Asset Dispositions permitted by 10.2.9(l)
This Agreement contains the entire agreement among Parties with respect to its specific subject matter and supersedes any prior oral written communications, agreements understandings concerning hereof, including, without limitation, Prior Employment Agreement. may not be modified, amended, altered, waived or rescinded in manner, except by instrument signed both of hereto that expressly refers provision this is being rescinded; provided , however waiver either Party a breach compliance shall operate nor construed as subsequent compliance.
The parties to this Agreement acknowledge that they have each carefully read and reviewed with their respective counsel, therefore agree the rule of construction ambiguities shall be construed against drafter not applicable. Assignor hereby agrees to execute such other instruments and perform acts as might be reasonably required by Assignee or Assignee’s counsel enforce the rights assigned hereunder.
Any amounts payable to any Indemnified Parties under this Agreement shall become immediately due and on demand and, if not paid within ten (10) days of such therefor, bear interest at the lesser (a) Interest Rate following occurrence an Event Default pursuant terms Loan or (b) maximum rate which Indemnitor may by law pay charge collect, from date payment was due.
Any determination by the Committee in connection with any question or issue arising under Notice, Plan this Award Agreement shall be final, conclusive and binding on Participant, Company all other persons. dispute regarding interpretation of receipt Covered Shares shares hereunder submitted Participant to Committee. The resolution such a final parties.
This Award Agreement will be governed by the laws of State New York, without giving effect to conflict law principles thereof. For purposes litigating any dispute that arises under this Restricted Stock Units or Agreement, parties hereby submit and consent jurisdiction agree such litigation conducted in courts County federal for United States Southern District no other courts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each which when so delivered shall an original, but all together constitute one same instrument. A set lodged with US Company, Borrowers Administrative Agent. Delivery counterpart hereof facsimile or other electronic transmission as effective delivery original hereof.
This Agreement, the Grant Notice, Employment Agreement and Plan together constitute Participant’s Company’s entire understanding with respect to subject matter hereof supersede void any all prior agreements or understandings, written oral, regarding hereof, including, but not limited to, term sheets (except as explicitly provided in Notice). Notwithstanding foregoing, extent that Participant has signed restrictive covenant Company (including, confidentiality, intellectual property rights assignment, non-competition, non-solicitation non-disparagement agreements), such shall remain full force effect.
(a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including Swingline Loan) shall bear interest for day on which any principal of such remains outstanding at the Alternate Base Rate plus Applicable day. No waiver of any provision or condition of, default under, this Agreement by party shall be valid unless in writing signed such party. taken as a other similar future event, act, default.
In the event any provision of this NSNC Agreement is held illegal or invalid, remaining provisions and shall not be affected thereby. If restrictions contained in part thereof to unenforceable, Parties agree that court making such determination will have power reform extent permitted by applicable law. This Joinder shall bind the parties to this and their respective successors (including, without limitation, any successor WestRock MWV as owner of record title Mill Real Property Ingevity Carbon Plant) bind, inure benefit of, permitted assigns under Sections 15.1 15.2 Ground Lease. also each Person entitled indemnification Article 11
Notices and all other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing deemed given when mailed by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: if to the Company, principal headquarters of attention: General Counsel; Employee, Employee's most recent address Company's records; or, each respective case, such either Party may furnish writing, except that notices changes effective only upon receipt.
The Disclosed Information contains a complete and correct list of the insurance maintained in respect Company its assets, together with details all claims excess NOK 50,000 under any policy made by 3 years before date this Agreement. Assignor hereby assigns to Assignee all of Assignor’s right, title and interest in the Other Property Rights. accepts such assignment assumes agrees perform terms, covenants conditions be observed or performed by under Rights extent accruing arising on after date this Assignment. This Assignment is made subject terms Sale Agreement.
(i) In the event that Closing has not occurred on or before June 30, 2017, then this Letter Agreement and respective rights obligations of Parties hereunder shall automatically terminate be no further force effect (ii) if Merger is terminated pursuant to its terms; provided , however provisions Section 14 Company under 6(a)(z) 6(b)(z) survive any such termination Agreement.
Subject to the conditions set forth within this Development Assignment, White Mountain hereby assigns, grants, transfers, creates step-in rights, and conveys Developer all of its development privileges entitlements with respect Desal Plant as in Section 1.2 (“ Rights ”) Assignment. The provisions of this 2015 Time-Based Plan are severable and if any one or more determined to be illegal otherwise unenforceable, in whole part, the remaining shall nevertheless binding enforceable.
This Agreement and the obligations of Stockholders pursuant to this shall terminate upon earlier occur (a) date Merger have been validly terminated its terms, (b) any amendment, modification, change or waiver provision that reduces amount changes form Consideration (subject adjustment in accordance with terms Agreement), (c) Effective Time, (d) on which Brushy Board, Section 5.3(c) Agreement, effects a Adverse Recommendation Change (such date, “ Expiration Date ”).
This Lease, along with any exhibits or attachments hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between parties relative to Leased Premises and there are no oral agreements representations respect subject matter hereof. Lease supersedes cancels all prior understandings may be modified only in writing, signed by interest at time of modification. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of State Delaware without giving effect to any conflict provisions.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Amendment Waiver Agreement will not (a) contravene, result in any breach of, or constitute a default under, creation Lien respect property Subsidiary indenture, mortgage, deed trust, loan, purchase credit agreement, corporate charter by-laws, other Material lease, instrument to which is bound their respective properties may be affected, (b) conflict with terms, conditions provisions order, judgment, decree, ruling court, arbitrator Governmental Authority applicable (c) violate provision statute rule regulation Subsidiary.
Section 4.2 is intended to provide the greatest restriction allowable under Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code §16601. In event any provision hereof determined by a court of competent jurisdiction violate §16601, that shall be modified least extent necessary render it enforceable and remainder Agreement remain in full force effect. The unaudited balance sheet of as June 30, 2016 and the related statements income retained earnings for period then ended fairly present financial position ACQUIRED COMPANY date included in statements, results its operations indicated.
This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents and Fee Letter, comprises complete integrated agreement of parties on subject matter hereof thereof supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, such matter. In event any conflict between provisions this Agreement those Document, shall control; provided that inclusion supplemental rights remedies in favor Agents Lenders Document not be deemed a Agreement. Each was drafted joint participation respective thereto construed neither against nor party, but rather accordance fair meaning thereof.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Administrative Agent an Assignment Assumption, together with a processing recordation fee in amount of $3,500 for assignment; provided , however that may, its sole discretion, elect waive such case any assignment. assignee, if it is not Lender, Questionnaire. No change, modification or waiver of any term this Agreement shall be valid unless it is in writing and signed by both parties.
Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to effective and valid under applicable law, but if any is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable respect law rule jurisdiction, invalidity, illegality unenforceability not affect other (except otherwise expressly provided herein) reformed, construed enforced jurisdiction had never been contained herein.
If any term of provision hereof is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in a final court arbitration proceeding, (i) the remaining terms and provisions shall unimpaired (ii) extent permitted by applicable law, deemed replaced that valid enforceable comes closest expressing intention provision. This Amendment and ML4 contain the entire agreement between Lessor Tenant with respect to subject matter hereof. No representations, warranties or agreements have been made by except as set forth in this ML4.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State New York applicable to agreements made within such State, without regard conflicts law principles that would require application any other law. All matters affecting this Agreement, including the validity thereof, are to be governed by, and interpreted construed in accordance with, laws of State Illinois applicable contracts executed performed that State.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto separate counterparts, each which shall deemed to an original, but all taken together constitute one the same agreement. Delivery counterpart this telecopier or electronic mail equally as effective delivery original Agreement. Any party delivering also deliver failure not affect validity, enforceability, binding effect The foregoing apply other Loan Document mutatis mutandis .
The Representation and Warranty Provider, the Seller (at direction of applicable Beneficial Holder) Purchaser each agree to execute deliver other such reasonable appropriate additional documents, instruments or agreements as may be necessary effectuate purposes this Agreement. Any modification or amendment to the Clauses of this Amendment Agreement will only be effective when Parties have agreed in advance writing. The may not change terms unless writing signed by them.
Neither Borrower nor Owner is a party to any agreement or instrument subject restriction which might materially and adversely affect Individual Owner, Property the Collateral, Borrower’s Owner’s business, properties assets, operations condition, financial otherwise. in default performance, observance fulfillment of obligations, covenants conditions contained Permitted Encumbrance other it by Collateral bound, with respect order decree court order, regulation demand Governmental Authority, (individually when aggregated all such defaults) reasonably likely have consequences that would condition (financial other) their respective its performance hereunder.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall a Participant be permitted to exercise an Option manner which Committee determines would violate Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or any other applicable law rules and regulations Securities Exchange Commission securities exchange inter-dealer quotation service on Common Stock Company is listed quoted. ISA will withhold all applicable taxes and amounts from payments under this Agreement as required by law.
The Company hereby employs and engages the services of Employee to serve as Senior Vice President, General Counsel Corporate Secretary agrees diligently competently perform functions for compensation benefits stated herein. A copy Employee’s current job description is attached hereto Exhibit A, agree acknowledge that retains right reasonably add to, or remove, duties responsibilities set forth in business other operating reasons may arise changes occur. It understood will be appointed an officer EFI EFRI during term this Agreement, but direct employment relationship employee EFRI.
During the term of this Agreement, Officer agrees to be employed by and serve Corporation as its Executive Vice President Chief Financial employ retain in such capacity. shall have duties responsibilities may prescribed Corporation’s and/or Board Directors. devote his business time, energy, skill affairs necessary perform under Agreement. report Directors at all times during Agreement powers least commensurate with position Officer. Officer’s principal place respect services within 35 miles Nashville, Tennessee.
The Borrower shall have the right, upon not less than three (3) Business Days’ notice to Administrative Agent (which promptly notify each Lender thereof), terminate Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments or, from time time, reduce amount of Commitments; provided that no such termination or reduction be permitted if, after giving effect thereto and any prepayments Loans made on effective date thereof, Available Commitment would greater equal zero. Any in an $1,000,000 a whole multiple $100,000 excess thereof permanently then effect.
Borrower has obtained and delivered, or caused to be Lender certificates evidencing all of the Policies, with premiums paid as they become due, reflecting insurance coverages, amounts other requirements set forth in this Agreement. No claims are pending respect Property under any Policies and, Borrower’s knowledge, no Person, including Borrower, done, by act omission, anything which would impair coverage Policies.
Neither the Borrowers, nor any of their respective Subsidiaries, nor, to knowledge director, officer or employee thereof, is an individual entity that (i) currently subject target Sanctions, (ii) included on OFAC’s List Specially Designated Nationals, HMT’s Consolidated Financial Sanctions Targets and Investment Ban List, similar list enforced by United States federal government (including, without limitation, OFAC), European Union Her Majesty’s Treasury (iii) located, organized resident in a Jurisdiction.
On and as of the date Second Initial Advance: (i) representations each Borrower, Parent, Custodian, Securities Intermediary Servicer set forth in Transaction Documents shall be true correct with same effect if made on such date, (ii) compliance covenants to which it is a party. Each party's obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Administrative Agent any assignment rights by, of, a Lender, termination Commitments and repayment, satisfaction discharge all Loan Document.
Guarantor shall pay on demand all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including attorneys’ fees) in any way relating to the enforcement or protection of Agent’s rights under this Guaranty respect Guaranteed Obligations, including incurred during “workout” restructuring Obligations preservation, Purchaser insolvency proceeding. The obligations paragraph survive payment full termination Guaranty.
To the extent shares of Common Stock subject to Award fail vest pursuant this Section 3, then shall be forfeited as it relates those (except provided in 7 connec tion with a Change Control), and Employee have no rights respect thereto (including, without limitation, any relating unvested accumulated dividend equivalents under 2).
The term of Employment the Executive under this Agreement (“Term”) shall commence on Effective Date and, unless becomes a Retired Early Employee Paragraph 6 or such is earlier terminated as provided in 7 Agreement, expire last day second full year following Date. From the Effective Date through Closing Date, Purchaser upon becoming aware of facts that knows constitute a breach any representation or warranty set forth in this Agreement which would make representations and warranties untrue misleading shall promptly notify Seller such facts.
The Administrative Agent shall be reasonably satisfied, based on financial statements (actual and pro forma), projections other evidence provided by Credit Parties, or requested the Agent, that Parent its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis), after incurring Term Loans, will Solvent have received satisfied with Solvency Certificate of an Authorized Officer Parent, behalf confirming Parties their basis) giving effect to Transactions.
Except as provided below, during the twenty-four (24) month period following a Change in Control, neither Company nor any Successor Entity may terminate this Agreement, or amend Agreement if such amendment would have an adverse impact on interests of Employee under either case, without express written consent Employee. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, at time prior to Board its sole discretion from and for reason (or no reason). Following Employee’s Qualifying Termination, termination shall adversely affect rights consent.
During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to all public holidays observed by Company and vacation days in accordance with applicable policies for senior executives of Company, which taken at a reasonable time or times. The four (4) weeks per year general subject law; provided, however, that accrual is capped maximum no more than one (1) week any unused may carry over from calendar year.
No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby shall sell transfer property, real personal, used useful in its business, whether now owned hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent lease such property other that intends to use for substantially the same purpose purposes as sold transferred (a “ Sale Leaseback Transaction ”), except sale of fixed capital assets by Borrower is made cash consideration an amount not less than fair value asset.
All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate) shall be made on basis a year three hundred sixty-five (365) or sixty-six (366) days, as case may be, and actual days elapsed. other fees 360-day elapsed (which results in more interest, applicable, being paid than if computed day year). Interest accrue each Loan which is made, not Loan, any portion thereof, such paid, provided that repaid same it shall, subject Section 2.11(a) , bear one (1) day. Each determination Lender an rate fee hereunder conclusive binding all purposes, absent manifest error.
(a) Deason is competent and has all necessary power authority to execute deliver this Agreement, perform his obligations hereunder consummate the Exchanges. The execution, delivery performance by of consummation Exchanges, have been duly authorized no other action on part authorize Agreement This executed delivered and, assuming due authorization, execution hereof Xerox Conduent, constitutes a legal, valid binding obligation Deason, enforceable against him in accordance with its terms, subject Bankruptcy Equity Exception. If Deason’s shares Series A Preferred Stock constitute community property or spousal approval otherwise required for be binding, by, as applicable, spouse, such spouse their
All notices and other communications provided for or permitted hereunder shall be made as set forth in Section 4.11 of the Credit Agreement. Whenever the singular number is used in this Operating Agreement and when required by context, same shall include plural vice versa, masculine gender feminine neuter genders versa.
All plans of a type described in Section 3(3) ERISA (“ Plans ”) respect which Guarantor is an “employer,” as defined 3(5) ERISA, are substantial compliance with and none such insolvent or reorganization, has accumulated waived funding deficiency within the meaning 412 Internal Revenue Code, not incurred any material liability (including contingent liability) to on account Plan pursuant Sections 4062, 4063, 4064, 4201 4204 ERISA; no proceedings have been instituted terminate Plan, condition exists presents risk incurring foregoing ERISA. No trust forming part thereof terminated since December 1, 1974.
In the case of Executives, generally, Compensation Committee annually will select Participants no later than 90 days after beginning a Performance Period (or, if shorter, before 25% has elapsed) in accordance with Code Section 162(m). Following such selection by Committee, be advised they are participants Plan for Period. The provisions of Sections 1.3, 5.1, 5.2 and Section 6.1 through 6.10 hereof shall survive the termination for any reason or expiration this Agreement period described referenced in each such or, if no is Section, indefinitely.
This Agreement may be executed by facsimile, email or in any number of counterparts, each which when so shall deemed an original, but such counterparts together constitute one and the same. The obligations of each Partner under this Section 10.3 shall survive such Partner’s withdrawal from the Partnership, and agrees to execute documentation requested by Partnership at time acknowledge confirm continuing .
If a Participant dies while employed by the Company or an Affiliated Company, payouts of all his/her outstanding Awards will be made to Participant’s estate as provided in Section 4.5 Plan. Payouts prorated based on number months that actually worked full-time employee for during Program Period(s), and extent which performance goals Period(s) have been satisfied. The payout(s) at time each Award payout is due Period. Company’s determination with respect amounts above criteria shall final binding estate.
Executive understands that this Agreement shall be null and void if not executed by him within twenty one (21) days of the date is presented to Company. has seven (7) after signs revoke it. This will become effective on eighth (8th) day signed Agreement, so long as it been Parties revoked before (the “ Effective Date ”).
Set forth on Schedule 3.20 is a complete and accurate list of all Intellectual Property (as defined in Section 2.20) owned or licensed by Parent, accurately identifies Persons from which to Parent licenses such listed Property. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, the rights of parties governed by, laws State Nevada, without regard to conflict law principles thereof.
During the term of his employment under this Agreement, Executive shall be permitted to participate in any group life, hospitalization or disability insurance plans, health (including dental) programs, pension and profit sharing plans similar benefits that may available other senior executives Company generally, on same terms as applicable such executives, each case extent is eligible programs. Trust, applicable, maintain customary liability for trustees officers list a covered officer.
During the Restriction Period, you agree to refrain from any disparaging or negative statements comments about Company and its current former employees, officers, directors, including, without limitation, business, products, intellectual property, financial standing, employment/compensation/benefit practices of Company, agrees you; provided that foregoing shall not be construed prevent either party testifying truthfully before court, tribunal other legal proceeding. You understand Company’s non-disparagement obligations under this paragraph extend only Board officers report directly chief executive officer for so long as each individual is an employee director Company.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated as set forth in this Agreement, continue until fifth anniversary of (the " Initial Term "). Unless either Party provides written notice to other its intent not renew at least six (6) months prior expiration then-current term, shall thereafter automatically for successive terms two (2) years each (each such a Renewal and collectively,
This Agreement, including any agreements referenced herein and the Certificate of Formation, which are hereby incorporated herein, constitutes entire agreement between parties hereto with respect to transactions contemplated supersedes all prior understandings or parties. Subject to this Agreement, each officer of the Company shall have, in addition duties and powers specifically set forth such as are customarily incident his or her office, may be designated from time by Board.
Each party hereto shall jointly and severally indemnify hold harmless the other such party's agents, beneficiaries, affiliates, representatives their respective successors assigns (collectively, "Indemnified Persons") from against any all damages, losses, liabilities, taxes costs expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees costs) "Losses") resulting directly or indirectly (a) inaccuracy, misrepresentation, breach of warranty nonfulfillment representations warranties in this Agreement, actions, omissions statements fact inconsistent with material respect representation warranty, (b) failure by to perform comply agreement, covenant obligation Agreement.
(a) The Landlord’s Work shall be performed by Landlord in a good and workmanlike manner. Neither any Loan Party nor Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to Contractual Obligation that could either individually the aggregate, reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and continuing would result from consummation of transactions contemplated by this Agreement other Document.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS AGREEMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OTHER THEORY). (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER, AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed interpreted in accordance with, the laws of United States State California, without reference to conflict principles excluding 1980 U.N. Convention on Contracts for International Sale Goods. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 5 to be given holders shares Series C Preferred Stock shall deemed upon earlier actual receipt or deposit in United States mail, certified registered return requested, postage prepaid, addressed each holder record at address such appearing on books Company.
Any notice or communication required permitted hereunder shall be given in writing by electronic transmission, sent the manner provided Section 14.2 of Second-Out Credit Agreement, if to Mortgagee a Trustor that is party address set forth Agreement and, for any other Trustor, specified 7.11 , such attention individual as hereafter designated applicable accordance herewith. deemed have been notices thereunder.
In the case that any one or more of provisions contained in this Agreement shall, for reason, be held invalid unenforceable, other shall remain full force and effect. Any provision unenforceable only part degree effect to extent not unenforceable. The Annual Deferral Amount shall be withheld at the time Bonus otherwise would paid to Participant, whether or not this occurs during Plan Year itself. Amounts credited Participant’s Account for such amounts have been Participant.
This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, and it not necessary making proof this to produce account for than one counterpart. THE MORTGAGOR IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ACTION, PROCEEDING OR CLAIM OF NATURE RELATING THIS MORTGAGE, DOCUMENTS EXECUTED CONNECTION WITH MORTGAGE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED SUCH DOCUMENTS. ACKNOWLEDGES THAT FOREGOING WAIVER IS KNOWING VOLUNTARY.
In the event of a breach or threatened by Executive Section 7 , 8 9 this Agreement, hereby consents and agrees that Company shall be entitled to seek, equitable relief against such from any court competent jurisdiction, with necessity showing actual damages money would not afford an adequate remedy, posting bond other security move forward on legal actions. The aforementioned in addition to, lieu of, remedies, monetary available forms relief, understanding should prevail, will pay executive for all expenses, lost income, opportunity costs. only she prevail proven losses damages, excluding
All obligations of the Company under Plan and with respect to Awards shall be binding on any successor Company, whether existence such is result a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, other event, sale disposition all substantially business and/or assets references "Company" herein in Award agreements deemed refer successors. The enforceability of any agreement a Borrower in the Credit Agreement relating to (i) indemnification, contribution or exculpation from costs, expenses other liabilities (ii) changes organizational control ownership such Borrower, which (in case clause (ii)) is contrary public policy applicable law.
Each of the Borrower and other Loan Parties have right power, taken all necessary action to authorize them, execute deliver this Amendment perform their respective obligations hereunder under Credit Agreement, as amended by Amendment, Documents which they are a party in accordance with terms. This has been duly executed delivered authorized officer each is legal, valid binding obligation enforceable against its
This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents, Confidentiality Agreements and agreements documents referred to herein are intended by parties as a final expression of their agreement be complete exclusive statement understanding hereto in respect subject matter contained therein. There no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, than those set forth herein, Documents with rights granted Company any its Affiliates Purchasers respective Certificate Designations, therein supersede all prior understandings between such matter.
Tenant hereby warrant s and represent that there were no brokers or agents involved in the transaction which resulted this Amendment other than Lincoln Property Company Commercial, Inc. Services acted as Landlord’s agent . shall indemnify Landlord against any expense incurred by a result of claim for brokerage commissions made broker, finder, agent, whether not meritorious, employed claiming by, through, under Tenant.
This Agreement is the entire agreement between Parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements thereto. may not be altered, amended, changed, terminated or modified in any particular, unless same shall writing signed by Party charged. This Agreement, including the Annexes hereto and sections of Separation Agreement referenced herein, constitutes entire agreement between Parties with respect to subject matter this supersedes all prior negotiations, agreements understandings any nature, whether oral or written, such matter.
Any failure of Executive to comply with any obligation, covenant, agreement or condition herein may be waived only in writing by the Company, but such waiver insist upon strict compliance shall not operate as a of, estoppel respect to, subsequent other failure. No delay Company exercising right, power privilege under this Agreement thereof nor single partial exercise preclude further privilege. Whenever requires permits consent on behalf written given deemed manner consistent requirements for set forth Section 12 . notice demand case entitle related similar circumstances requiring notice.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing deemed duly given (i) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, (ii) when received sent by email or facsimile party to notified, provided , however that notice not effective unless either (x) a duplicate copy such is confirmed facsimile, (y) receiving delivers written confirmation receipt for any method described this Section 8(c) (iii) courier (with delivery).
Subject to Section 9(c) of this Agreement, you agree that will not disclose Agreement or any its terms provisions, directly by implication, except members your immediate family and legal tax advisors, then only on condition they further provision s others. Notwithstanding Section 2 above, all shares of the Restricted Stock Award shall be deemed to vested and unrestricted distributed Employee in event a “Change Control” Company, as defined Plan, effective date such Change Control.
All notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing deemed given (a) when delivered personally by hand (with written confirmation of receipt), (b) sent facsimile or e-mail a PDF document transmission), (c) one (1) Business Day following the day overnight courier each case at addresses numbers (or to such address number as Party may have specified notice pursuant provision).
During the Extended Term, you will continue to be entitled participate in all employee healthcare and welfare benefits programs of Company, accordance with then applicable terms, conditions eligibility requirements such that are offered from time U.S. resident-based employees at your level, including medical, dental, life insurance, 401k retirement plans other health benefit programs. not eligible for any award under incentive plan by without limitation, Omnibus Plan.
The vested RSUs will be “settled” and become payable (“Settlement Date”) as of the earliest following dates: (a) Director’s service a director terminates; (b) date specified pursuant to proper election in accordance with Section 4 this Agreement; or (c) such other provided 5. Payment for shall made soon administratively practicable after Settlement Date, but no event more than thirty (30) days thereafter (or up ninety (90) death). Neither Director (nor beneficiary death) entitled choose, directly indirectly, taxable year which payment occurs.
The Company and its subsidiaries are corporations, duly organized, validly existing in good standing under the Laws of jurisdiction which they incorporated. has full corporate power authority all necessary certificates, licenses, approvals Permits to: (i) enter into execute this Agreement Transaction Documents to perform obligations hereunder thereunder; (ii) own operate Assets properties conduct carry on business as extent now conducted. is qualified transact a foreign corporation each where character or ownership use operation requires such qualification, except that failure so qualify will not result Material Adverse Effect.
Except as set forth below, no public release or announcement concerning the transactions contemplated hereby shall be issued by any Investors without prior written consent of Company. Each Guarantor covenants and agrees to comply with the provisions applicable such in Section 5.9 [Taxes], 8.1 [Affirmative Covenants] 8.2 [Negative of Credit Agreement.
The Employee shall have no vested right in the Performance-Based Cash Award unless Committee certifies that Base Bonus Target, Target or Stretch as applicable, has been achieved. Such achievement, evidenced by such certification Committee, be construed all parties a condition related to purpose of compensation for purposes Section 409A Code. Provided is made, and employed Company Fiscal Year Date, vesting occur day following Date. If, prior voluntarily leaves employment with other than Good Reason terminated Cause, forfeit entirety otherwise payable hereunder.
If an ISO optionee ceases to be employed by the Company and all Related Corporations reason of such optionee's death, any may exercised, extent number shares with respect which could have exercised on date estate, personal representative or beneficiary who has acquired will laws descent distribution, at time prior earlier specified expiration one year from death.
Executive acknowledges that should he violate the provisions of Paragraph 11 this Agreement, it will be difficult to determine resulting damages Company and monetary would not adequate in any event. In addition other remedies may have, shall entitled temporary permanent injunctive relief without necessity proving actual damage. Moreover, extent breaches time periods set forth herein are continued for period Executive’s breach Agreement.
No provision of this Agreement shall be waived by any act, omission, course dealing or knowledge a Party its agents except an instrument in writing expressly waiving such and signed duly authorized officer the Party. The Plan is the entire agreement between Company and CEO regarding subject matter of supersedes all prior bonus compensation or incentive plans any written verbal representations Plan.
This Agreement is binding upon, and inures to the benefit of, parties their respective successors assigns. Any defined terms not herein shall have the same meaning and definition as is contained in Loan Agreement or other Documents, applicable. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts which, when read together, shall constitute a single instrument, and this has the same effect as if signatures on were copy hereof. A composite of compiled comprising text one or more copies signature pages containing collectively all Parties.
This Grant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of state Delaware without regard to conflicts laws. Any suit, action or proceeding respect this Agreement (or any provision incorporated reference), judgment entered court thereof, brought competent jurisdiction New York State Delaware, each Participant, Company, transferees hereby submits exclusive such courts for purpose action, proceeding, judgment. Each irrevocably waives (a) objections which it may now hereafter have laying venue arising out relating reference) (b) claim that has been inconvenient forum (c) right a jury trial.
The paragraphs and provisions of this Agreement are severable; if any paragraph or provision is found unenforceable, the remaining will remain in full effect. Developer shall advise all Other Members on or before the Severance Date of conditions to Transactions set forth in Section 11.01(a) , and disclose PE Member Members’ development agreements (other than provisions relating economic obligations such Members) promptly after execution agreement any amendment thereof.
The Employee is responsible for payment of any taxes required by law to be withheld the Company with respect an Award. To facilitate that payment, will, extent permitted law, retain from number shares Common Stock issued in settlement LTIP Award necessary minimum tax withholding amount, valued at their Fair Market Value on business day most immediately preceding date retention. Company's obligation cannot satisfied means share withholding, may, deduct such obligations kind due Employee.
As of the date this Agreement, there is no action, suit, investigation or proceeding pending against, to knowledge Buyer threatened against affecting, before any court arbitrator governmental body, agency official which in manner challenges seeks prevent, enjoin, alter materially delay transactions contemplated by Agreement would have a material adverse effect on ability perform its obligations under Agreement.
This Agreement, together with the Exhibits hereto, constitutes and contains entire understanding agreement of Parties respecting subject matter hereof cancels supersedes any all prior contemporaneous negotiations, correspondence, understandings agreements between Parties, whether oral or written, regarding such matter. Notwithstanding foregoing, to extent terms conditions body this Agreement conflict Exhibit shall govern. No varying extending be binding upon either Party, unless set forth in a writing which specifically refers that is signed by duly authorized officers representatives respective provisions not amended thereby remain full force effect.
This Amendment, together with the Agreement, sets forth entire agreement between parties respect to matters set herein and supersedes all prior discussions or understandings relating subject contemplated herein. In event of a conflict terms this Amendment other shall govern control. Except as expressly herein, Agreement its provisions remain in full force effect. Capitalized used but not defined have meaning ascribed them Agreement.
From and after the Closing, parties agree to execute deliver, or cause be executed delivered, all further documents instruments take action as shall reasonably necessary appropriate confirm carry out provisions intent of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, acknowledgements, agreements and obligations of Parties in this Section 9.18 Sections 2.01(e), 5.03(a), 9.08, 9.09 9.17 shall survive any termination Agreement continue full force effect accordance with terms thereof.
On all matters requiring the vote or action of Board, any undertaken by Board must be authorized affirmative (i) one more Directors that are entitled to at least a majority Ownership Percentages except as otherwise provided in Section 8.04(c) with respect Affiliate Transactions (ii) Quorum Failure Meeting, present such meeting shall only require approval who not Representatives Interested Member.
Except as disclosed in Section 5.9 of the Disclosure Schedules, Seller is (a) material compliance with all Applicable Laws related to conduct Business Ordinary Course or ownership and use Purchased Assets, (b) not violation default under any Order Permit applicable has received written notice that it such default, each case where would reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
Any notice required or permitted under this Plan shall be given in writing and deemed to have been effectively made if personally delivered, sent via U.S. mail recognized overnight delivery service confirmed e-mail facsimile the Company at its headquarters, Participant, Participant’s last known address on file with Company. effective hereunder date three business days after mailed one day it is facsimile, as case may be.
Each Plan complies in all material respects with applicable requirements of ERISA and the Code rulings regulations issued under provisions setting forth those requirements, except for any noncompliance that could not reasonably be expected to result an Adverse Event. No Reportable Event is has occurred continuing respect a Plan. All minimum funding standards such Plans have been satisfied there exists no event or condition which would permit institution proceedings terminate Section 4042 (except immaterial failures).
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS AGREEMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OTHER THEORY). (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
Company and Holdings shall have obtained all Governmental Authorizations consents of other Persons, in each case that are necessary or advisable to be by them, connection with the transactions contemplated Credit Documents foregoing full force effect form substance reasonably satisfactory Administrative Agent. All applicable waiting periods expired without any action being taken threatened competent authority which would restrain, prevent otherwise impose adverse conditions on financing thereof no action, request for stay, petition review rehearing, reconsideration, appeal respect pending, time agency take set aside its consent own motion expired.
Each Credit Party shall have obtained all Governmental Authorizations and consents of other Persons, in each case that are necessary or advisable connection with the transactions contemplated by Documents Bango Sale Agreement foregoing be full force effect form substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. All applicable waiting periods expired without any action being taken threatened competent authority which would restrain, prevent otherwise impose adverse conditions on Related Agreements financing thereof no action, request for stay, petition review rehearing, reconsideration, appeal respect pending, time agency take set aside its consent own motion expired.
Before and after the end of Term, Employer shall indemnify hold harmless Employee from any cause action resulting performance Employee's duties under this Agreement to fullest extent permitted by law. This indemnification include all reasonable legal costs incurred Neither Jones, Buyer nor any of their respective Affiliates has engaged broker, finder or investment adviser on its behalf incurred Liability for brokerage finder’s fee commission in connection with the Transactions.
The Borrower has no Subsidiaries, and is not engaged in any joint venture or partnership with other Person equity interest Person. Investments than Permitted Investments. Parent the only shareholder of Borrower. There are outstanding rights to purchase stock, options, warrants similar rights, agreements plans pursuant which may be required issue, sell, Stock security. Other Subordinated Loans, Debt.
At any time during the Lease Term, if Subtenant is no longer a public company with reporting obligations, Sublandlord may require to provide current financial statement and statements of two (2) years prior year. Such shall be prepared in accordance generally accepted accounting principles and, such normal practice Subtenant, audited by an independent certified accountant.
No Borrower Party will, or will permit any Subsidiary of a to, create, assume, incur, to exist be created, assumed, permitted exist, directly indirectly, Lien on its property, real personal, now owned hereafter acquired, except for Permitted Liens. Executive acknowledges that he concurrently is executing the Confidentiality and Non-Competition Agreement in a form attached hereto as Exhibit A incorporated by this reference.
The Company recognizes that the Executive will have to incur certain out-of-pocket expenses related his services and Company’s business, agrees promptly reimburse for all reasonable necessarily incurred by him in performance of duties upon presentation a voucher or documentation indicating amount business purposes any such expenses. These include, but are not limited to, travel, meals, entertainment, etc. Expenses reimbursable under this Section 7 shall be paid accordance with expense reimbursement policy no event later than March 15 following calendar year which is incurred.
This Agreement may be executed by the parties in separate counterparts, each of which when so and delivered shall an original, but all such counterparts together constitute one same instrument. The headings contained in this Agreement are included for convenience only and not intended to describe, interpret, define or limit the scope, extent intent of any provision Agreement.
Provided the Manager has first obtained consent of not less than sixty-five percent (65%) Priority Members, Company is hereby authorized to (a) issue an unlimited number Class A Units and B Units, (b) create other classes series (c) or provide for issuance in any class by amending this Agreement fix relative rights, obligations, preferences limitations each such series, subject however, restrictions set forth Section 8.1(b). Upon shall adjust Capital Accounts Members as necessary reflect issuance.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed to an original, but all constitute and the same agreement. Delivery counterpart a signature page this by facsimile scanned pages effective as delivery manually Agreement. Headings and captions used in this Amendment are included for convenience of reference only shall not be given any substantive effect.
This Agreement, which shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon respective successors permitted assigns each Borrower, Agent Lender, become effective on Restatement Effective Date continue in full force effect until earlier (a) February 12, 2019, or (b) June 1, 2018, if Unsecured Notes have not been redeemed, repaid otherwise retired prior 2018 (such earliest date, “Term”) unless sooner terminated as herein provided. Borrowers may terminate this Agreement at any time twenty (20) days’ written notice Administrative payment outstanding Obligations cash collateralization Letters Credit accordance with Section 3.2(b) hereof.
The furnishing of the form this Lease shall not constitute an offer. This become binding on Landlord and Tenant only upon its execution by delivery to each party. Further, is subject approval any Mortgagee or Ground Lessee Landlord. If can obtain said basis modifications terms provisions Lease, have right cancel if refuses approve in writing such modification within fifteen (15) days after Landlord's request therefor. exercised, thereafter be null void, Security Deposit Advanced Rent Payment made returned neither party liability other reason cancellation.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date hereof (the “ Effective Date ”) and, subject to provisions Section 7 below, have a term that continues through and including thirty-six (36) month anniversary Initial Term unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement. Notwithstanding foregoing, Employee’s employment Company may be prior expiration or any Extension
No failure or delay of any party in exercising right remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor single partial exercise such power, abandonment discontinuance steps to enforce course conduct, preclude other further thereof the power. The rights and remedies parties are cumulative not exclusive which they would otherwise have hereunder. Any agreement on part be valid only if set forth written instrument executed delivered by duly authorized officer behalf party.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and benefit Indemnitors Indemnitee their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors assigns. Any holder of the Note any affiliate Lender which acquires all or part Property by sale, assignment foreclosure under Security Instrument deed other in lieu a successor this Agreement. In no event bound obligations liabilities Indemnitor even if such ownership Property.
This Agreement contains the complete understanding between Parties as to subject matter contained herein, and no other promises or agreements shall be binding unless signed by both an authorized representative of Company Employee. In signing this Agreement, are not relying on any fact, statement, assumption set forth in Agreement. Notwithstanding foregoing, Employee understands agrees that Section 4 (Confidential Information Privileged Information), 5 (Non-Competition), 8 (409A Compliance), 9 (Uniqueness Services; Acknowledgments), 10 (Further 11 (Notices), 17 (Dispute Resolution) Employment remain full force effect after Separation Date, superseded incorporated herein reference.
This Agreement and any Ancillary may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute one the same instrument. Agreement, amendments hereto thereto, to extent signed delivered by means a facsimile transmission as attachment electronic mail message "pdf" similar format, treated manners respects original agreement instrument considered have binding legal effect if it were version thereof person. At request party other thereto re-execute forms deliver them parties.
This Amendment, which may be executed in multiple counterparts, constitutes the entire agreement of parties regarding matters contained herein and shall not modified by any prior oral or written discussions. Delivery an counterpart a signature page this Amendment telecopy other electronic imaging transmission (e.g. PDF email) effective as delivery manually Amendment. The Loan Parties hereby ratify, confirm reaffirm all terms conditions Agreement, each Documents to they are party, further acknowledge agree that Agreement party remain full force effect, except expressly provided Any determination provision application hereof is invalid, illegal unenforceable respect instance affect validity, legality enforceability such instance, provisions
The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Shelf Registration Statement continuously effective for period beginning on date which is declared and ending that all of Registrable Securities registered under cease be Securities. During effective, supplement or make amendments Statement, if required by Act reasonably requested Holders (whether not form securities are being registered), including reflect any specific plan distribution method sale, have such supplements required, as soon practicable after filing.
Tenant shall, at its expense, make any alterations or modifications to the Premises that are required by Legal Requirements, including ADA. Notwithstanding other provision herein contrary, shall be responsible for and all demands, claims, liabilities, losses, costs, expenses, actions, causes of action, damages judgments, reasonable expenses incurred in investigating resisting same (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees, charges disbursements costs suit) (collectively, “ Claims ”) arising out connection with indemnify, defend, hold save Landlord harmless from against failure comply Requirement.
(a) The Borrower and each Subsidiary will comply with all Requirements of Law respect to it or its assets, except where the failure do so, individually in aggregate, could not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect. Each party hereto shall execute and deliver after the date hereof such instruments take other actions as may reasonably request in order to carry out intent of this Agreement or better evidence effectuate transactions contemplated herein.
Except as set forth in the US Lighting Financial Statements, no officer, director, employee or of any Affiliate such Person, has had, either directly indirectly, an interest transaction with (other than for services employees, officers and directors), including Contract other arrangement providing furnishing to by, rental real personal property from, otherwise requiring payments from Person or, Knowledge Lighting, entity which is trustee partner.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Pennsylvania. Failure by either party to enforce any term of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver future enforcement that or other in agreement may place between the parties. All payments made by any Guarantor hereunder will be without setoff, counterclaim or other defense and on the same basis as are each Borrower under Sections 2.16 2.17 of Credit Agreement.
Each Party hereto, at the request of other hereto and without additional consideration, shall execute deliver to requesting all such further assignments, deeds, agreements, contracts, instruments documents as may reasonably in order perform, accomplish, perfect or record, if necessary, assignment conveyance Assignee Assets acquired by hereunder contemplated this Assignment, otherwise carry out intention Assignment.
The agreements in this Section 11.04 and the indemnity provisions of 11.02(e) shall survive resignation Administrative Agent, replacement any Lender, termination Agreement repayment, satisfaction or discharge all other Obligations. The Ground Lease has been recorded. There have not amendments or modifications to the terms of since its recordation, with exception written instruments which Attached hereto as Exhibit A-2 is a true, correct and complete copy Lease.
This Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and shall (a) remain in full force effect until the occurrence of Discharge Date accordance with Credit Agreement, (b) be binding upon Guarantor, its successors assigns (c) inure to benefit enforceable by Lender Parties their successors, transferees assigns. As a condition of continuing employment, Executive agrees to read, sign and abide by Company’s Proprietary Information Inventions Agreement, which is provided with this Agreement incorporated herein reference.
(a) The audited consolidated balance sheets of the Company as at December 31, 2015 and related statements operations cash flows for fiscal year then ended, accompanied by a report thereon Grant Thornton LLP (collectively, “ Financial Statements ”), present fairly, in all material respects, financial condition such date, results its ended. All Statements, including schedules notes thereto, have been prepared, accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“ GAAP ”) applied consistently throughout periods involved (except disclosed therein).
This Guaranty may not be amended except in a writing signed by the Requisite Lenders (or all of if required under terms Term Loan Agreement), Administrative Agent and each Guarantor subject to Section 13.17 Agreement; provided , however that any Subsidiary released hereunder accordance with 8.14.(c) Agreement become executing delivering an Accession 8.14.(a) Agreement.
Holder has all requisite power and taken action required of it to carry out perform its obligations hereunder. The execution delivery this Warrant been duly authorized, executed delivered on behalf constitutes the valid binding agreement Holder, enforceable in accordance with terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws relating affecting enforcement creditors' rights generally (ii) equitable principles generally. consummation transactions contemplated herein fulfillment terms will not result a breach any provisions Holder's constitutional documents instruments. Any person executing is authorized officer necessary legal authority bind specific cause execute deliver Warrant.
Neither the Participant, his Designated Beneficiary, nor legal representative shall have any rights to sell, assign, transfer, or otherwise convey right receive payment of SERP Benefit due hereunder, which and thereto are expressly declared be nonassignable nontransferable. Any attempt assign transfer under Plan null void no effect. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given in MIPA.
The date upon which the Executive’s employment with Company under this Agreement is deemed to be terminated in accordance any of provisions Section 6 referred herein as “ Termination Date .” With respect payment or benefits that would considered deferred compensation subject 409A (“ ”) Internal Revenue Code 1986, amended (the ”), and are payable following a termination employment, shall not have occurred unless such also constitutes “separation from service” within meaning regulations thereunder (a Separation Service notwithstanding anything contained contrary, on takes place Date.
For purposes of satisfying Section 13 the Note, undersigned Holder hereby consents to amendments provided in this Amendment and further associated with all other presently outstanding similar Notes issued related offering by Company, on same terms conditions as Amendment. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Parties concerning Property and supersedes all prior agreements or undertakings.
Each party hereto shall execute and deliver both before after the Closing such further certificates, agreements other documents take actions as parties may reasonably request which are necessary or appropriate to consummate implement transactions contemplated hereby. During Interim Period, Seller Oncor Purchaser prepare for commencement of dissolution following Closing; provided , however that in no event be required any action would (a) result than manner by Section 6.7 (b) sale distribution asset incurrence liability Seller.
(a) Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings specified Credit Agreement. All Uniform Commercial Code therein; term “instrument” shall meaning Article 9 of Code. The internal laws of the State Wisconsin (without reference to its principles conflicts law) govern construction, interpretation and other matters arising out or in connection with this IP Agreement each exhibits schedules hereto (whether contract, tort, equity otherwise).
Manna Pro shall pay all invoiced amounts contained in invoices submitted to for Products delivered during the invoice period; provided, however , that if believes good faith any portion of an is inaccurate, notify Oculus promptly amount does not correctly correspond corresponding purchase order(s), will such disputed, parties agree work together rectify inaccuracy, and agrees remaining portions after resolution disputed amounts. Payment be due thirty (30) days receipt by Pro; provided further should within ten (10) receipt, a [ ]† percent ([ ]†%) discount apply, only amount, which considered payment full invoice.
This Agreement (including the documents referred to herein) constitutes entire agreement among Parties and supersedes any prior understandings, agreements, or representations by Parties, written oral, extent they relate in way subject matter hereof; provided, however, that nothing herein shall void otherwise relieve Buyer from its obligations under certain Confidentiality dated September 9, 2015 joinder thereto 30, 2015, which remain full force effect after Closing accordance with terms thereof.
As of the Closing Date (after giving effect to Transactions), no Loan Party has any Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.21 , and all outstanding Equity Interests owned by Parties (or a Subsidiary Party) such have been validly issued are fully paid (other Immaterial Subsidiaries) free clear Liens except (i) created under Collateral Documents (ii) Lien that is permitted Section 7.01 . Date, Sections IA IIA Perfection Certificate (a) set forth name jurisdiction each Domestic (b) ownership interest Holding Company, Borrower Guarantor wholly Subsidiaries), including percentage ownership.
During the Employment Term, Executive shall serve as President and Chief Officer of Company, reporting to Board Directors (the " "). In such position, have duties, authority, responsibility be determined from time by Board, which are consistent with Executive's position. The also a member for no additional compensation. Section headings in this Guaranty are provided for convenience of reference only and shall not affect its construction or interpretation.
This Agreement is entered into under the laws of State Minnesota and shall be construed interpreted thereunder (without regard to its conflicts law principles). The Employee shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of paid vacation per calendar year. Such taken at a time or times acceptable the Company. allowed carry forward any unused into next year for up one (1) month with prior written approval Company’s Chief Financial Officer.
Each Borrower has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute deliver this Amendment perform its obligations hereunder under Loan Documents (as amended or modified hereby) which it is a party. The execution, delivery, performance by each of have been duly approved all necessary action, received governmental approval, if any, do not contravene (i) any law (ii) contractual restriction binding on such Borrower, except for contraventions restrictions would not, individually in aggregate, reasonably be expected result Material Adverse Effect.
All costs and expenses including attorneys’ fees (which in the case of clauses (b) (e) shall be reasonable) disbursements incurred by Agent on its behalf or Lenders (a) all efforts made to enforce payment any Obligation effect collection Collateral enforcement this Agreement Other Documents, connection with entering into, modification, amendment administration Documents consents waivers hereunder thereunder related agreements, documents instruments, (c) instituting, maintaining, preserving, enforcing foreclosing Agent’s security interest Lien Collateral, preserving Lender’s rights under whether through judicial proceedings otherwise, (d) defending prosecuting actions arising out relating transactions Borrower Guarantor advice given Lender respect obligations instruments part Obligations.
The Grantee shall, not later than the date as of which receipt this Award becomes a taxable event for Federal income tax purposes, pay to Company or make arrangements satisfactory payment any Federal, state, and local taxes required by law be withheld on account such event. shall have authority cause minimum withholding obligation satisfied, in whole part, from shares Stock issued number with an aggregate Fair Market Value that would satisfy amount due.
The Loan Parties will, and will cause each of their Subsidiaries to, execute any all further documents, agreements instruments, take such actions, which may be required under applicable Requirement Law, or the Administrative Agent Required Lenders reasonably request, to effectuate transactions contemplated by Documents, at expense Parties. DEBTOR HEREBY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY COURT SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING MATTER ARISING CONNECTION WITH WAY RELATED TO THE TRANSACTION OF WHICH THIS AGREEMENT IS A PART AND/OR ENFORCEMENT ITS RIGHTS AND REMEDIES. ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT MAKES WAIVER KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY ONLY AFTER CONSIDERATION RAMIFICATIONS ATTORNEY.
You will be eligible to participate in all other Newell employee benefit plans available senior executives accordance with the terms of such plans. These benefits include but are not limited to: wellness and disease management programs, Work-Life Support Program, dependent day care flexible spending, short- long-term disability, critical illness, legal support program, adoption assistance, tuition NewellFlex, emergency evacuation medical assistance while traveling abroad for business, insurance, discount commuter transit identity theft protection, more.
Any notice or other communication required permitted pursuant to the terms hereof shall be deemed have been duly given when delivered mailed by United States Mail, first class, postage prepaid, addressed intended recipient at his her last known address (which in case of an Executive specified him any written provided Company accordance with this Section 8.17).
(a) Wherever pursuant to this Agreement (i) Lender exercises any right given it approve or disapprove, (ii) arrangement term is be satisfactory Lender, (iii) other decision determination made by the of all decisions that arrangements terms are not and determinations shall in sole absolute discretion except as may otherwise expressly specifically provided herein.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE MARITIME ACT OF REPUBLIC MARSHALL ISLANDS LAWS UNITED STATES AMERICA, TO EXTENT APPLICABLE, OTHERWISE THE. STATE NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT CONFLICT LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH SECTION 5-1401 GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. Each party hereto agrees to execute and deliver such other documents, certificates, agreements writings take actions as may be reasonably necessary or desirable in order consummate implement expeditiously the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
The Executive shall be entitled to no less than four weeks of vacation (or such greater benefits as may provided in the future by Board or Compensation Committee) during each year term this Agreement and any extensions thereof, prorated for partial years. All time away scheduled with Company. Company reimburse weekly (first class ticket) air travel between Ft. Myers, Florida Nashville, Tennessee, together a gross-up payment income taxes that he incurs result reimbursement.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Agreement is made, and the RSUs are granted, pursuant to Plan in all respects limited by subject express provisions Plan, as amended from time time. To extent inconsistent or conflict with term shall govern. The interpretation construction Committee such rules regulations adopted for purposes administering be final binding upon Participant persons.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Delaware without giving effect to principles conflicts laws. Any dispute relating this subject exclusive jurisdiction courts or Federal Courts located therein, parties agree not contest such courts. The hereby waive their respective rights a trial jury.
The titles and section headings used herein are for convenience only shall not be in interpreting this Agreement. The Administrative Agents shall have received copies of signature pages to this Second Amendment, duly executed and delivered (including by way facsimile or other electronic transmission) each Agent, the Borrower Required Lenders, acknowledged Loan Parties.
If You did not have a Separation from Service before the date, if any, on which “change in control event” occurs (within meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(i) & (ii)), then, except as otherwise provided Your employment agreement with Company, applicable, any Restricted Stock Units that become non-forfeitable Change Control will upon termination (i) by Company without Cause, (ii) for Good Reason, (iii) account death, (iv) Disability, or (v) Retirement, each case, such within 2 years following Control.
The Executive shall continue to serve as the Company’s Chief Officer. be responsible for all duties customarily associated with a Officer in publicly-traded company. report directly Board of Directors (the “Board”) and subject reasonable policies established by Board. During Term Employment will also on extent elected stockholders Company. No delay or omission on the part of Agent any Lender in exercising rights hereunder shall operate as a waiver such other rights, and no right one occasion result future rights; nor single partial exercise preclude further thereof right.
The Company will pay all reasonable Registration Expenses as determined in good faith. In addition, except otherwise provided Section 2.06 hereof, the shall not be responsible for legal fees incurred by Holders connection with exercise of such Holders’ rights hereunder. This Agreement may not be assigned by any party hereto without the written consent of other party; provided , that Advisor shall entitled to assign this Affiliate Advisor. Any assignment in violation foregoing null and void.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of officers or directors Company any Subsidiary and, to knowledge Company, employees is presently a party transaction with (other than for services employees, and directors), including contract, agreement other arrangement providing furnishing by, rental real personal property from, borrowing money from lending otherwise requiring payments officer, director such employee or, entity which director, has substantial interest an trustee, stockholder, member partner, each case excess $120,000 for: (i) payment salary consulting fees rendered, (ii) reimbursement expenses incurred on behalf (iii) benefits, stock option agreements under equity incentive plan Company.
T his A g ree m e nt s ts f o r th the nti a ee nd und er st ndi n b t w he Comp y me l ting to subj ec tt h ere in ll p i or dis c ussions wee us. N modi ca tion dm this nt, nor wa v of hts ill be ef tive unl ss approved by Company’s Board Directors and wr iting si d General Counsel me. subs qu ge ng duti s, obl tions, om ns not affec lidi nt.
As a condition of receiving any and all amounts payable benefits or additional rights provided pursuant to this Agreement beyond the Accrued Benefits, Executive must execute deliver Company not revoke general release claims in favor substantially form attached on Exhibit A hereto. Such be executed delivered (and no longer subject revocation, if applicable) within sixty (60) days following Executive’s Date Termination. The shall appropriate for five (5) business
Each of the parties to this Agreement shall use its reasonable best efforts effect transactions contemplated by Agreement. party Agreement, at request another execute and deliver such other instruments do perform acts things as may be necessary or desirable for effecting consummation This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of parties hereto their heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives, permitted assigns.
THIS IP SECURITY AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT TORT OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT RELATING TO THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY CONSTRUED ACCORDANCE WITH, LAW STATE NEW YORK. The Business Properties comprise all the land and buildings leased, controlled, occupied or used by Seller in relation to Business. information respect of set out Disclosed Information is accurate respects.
A Participant shall be entitled to benefits under this Appendix only if the retires or otherwise terminates employment with Company and its Affiliates on after Participant’s attainment of age fifty-five (55) date which has completed ten (10) years service. For purposes Plan, a credited service equal Vesting Service Savings provided that York International Corporation (or any affiliate thereof) prior January 1, 2006 not counted as hereunder. In event is terminated, including due death, satisfying vesting requirements paragraph, no benefit payable from Appendix.
In consideration of the Company’s promises in this Agreement, Executive agrees to execute Waiver and General Release attached hereto as Exhibit “A” no sooner than his Termination Date later conclusion twenty-first (21 st ) day after Delivery Date. By signing is agreeing that once seven (7) days have passed from date he signs Release, will not attempt revoke or rescind at any time future. addition, representing fully understands terms Agreement has had an opportunity seek legal advice regarding under if desires do so, before these documents. also Company commenced action filed administrative charge complaint against regard employment between Release.
This Termination Agreement may be executed in any number of separate counterparts, each which shall deemed to an original and all together one the same instrument. Purchaser is a duly organized and validly existing entity in its jurisdiction of organization or formation good standing under the laws State organization, (or will be by each applicable Closing) qualified to do business States where qualification required.
(a) Commitment fees and interest in respect of ABR Loans based upon clause the definition shall be calculated on basis a 365- (or 366- as case may be) day year for actual days elapsed (including first excluding last day). Interest Eurocurrency Loans, Bid (b) or (c) Letter Credit Fees 360-day day), provided, that Foreign Currency denominated Pounds Sterling, Australian Dollars, Canadian Dollars New Zealand elapsed. The Administrative Agent promptly notify Borrowers Banks each determination Rate. Any change rate Committed Rate Loan resulting from become effective opening business which such effective. Agent, applicable, date amount change.
Each of Sublandlord and Subtenant represents warrants to the other that except for Cushman & Wakefield (“ Broker ”) it has not dealt with any broker in connection this Sublease, each agrees indemnify, defend hold harmless from against breach said representation warranty. Per a separate agreement, shall pay fees associated Sublease.
If any of the Premises shall be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed by Mortgagor in a transaction permitted Credit Agreement, then Mortgagee, at request Mortgagor, execute and deliver to all releases other documents reasonably necessary desirable for release Liens created hereby on Premises. The Mortgagee prior date proposed release, written release.
All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Collateral Agent any Granting Party hereunder shall be effected in manner provided for Section 11.2 of Credit Agreement; that such notice, request demand Guarantor addressed at its notice address set forth on Schedule 1 , unless until change by Administrative given accordance with Agreement.
The Participant shall make appropriate arrangements with the Employer for satisfaction of any federal, state or local income tax withholding requirements, Social Security and other employment requirements applicable to granting, crediting, vesting payment benefits under Plan. If no arrangement is made if such insufficient in satisfying may provide, at its complete sole discretion, withholding, tax, payments as be required, including, without limitation, by reduction amounts otherwise payable Participant. pays on behalf a Beneficiary, entitled recover demand interest Wall Street Journal Prime Rate compounded monthly.
Each of AMYRIS and Company shall promptly notify the other in writing any existing or threatened infringement misappropriation by Third Party Licensed IP licensed to under this Agreement, which could reasonably be expected have a material adverse effect on ability its designees Make and/or Sell one more JV Jet Products (“ Infringement ”) it becomes aware, upon reasonable request (and subject an applicable common interest agreement) provide all evidence possession demonstrating such (other than information that is prevented from disclosing due confidentiality similar obligations).
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Agreement will remain in effect for a period commencing on Employment Date and ending fourth (4th) anniversary thereof (the “ Term ”). Upon termination employment extent requested writing by Company, you agree resign from all positions may hold with Company at such time (including as member Board). You be appointed Board director each year Term. During expected devote your full working attention business not render services any other without prior written approval Board.
This Agreement shall commence on the effective date indicated by Health Plan signature page of this (“Effective Date”) and continue in effect for one year; thereafter, it automatically renew successive (1) year‌‌ terms unless until terminated either party accordance with provisions or applicable set forth attachments. DanDrit does not have any insurance policies in effect, except for the Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance. No claims been made, no are outstanding fact or circumstance exists which may give rise to a claim under DanDrit’s policies.
Schedule 3.21 sets forth a true, complete and correct description of all material insurance maintained by or on behalf Holdings, the Borrower Subsidiaries as Closing Date. As Date, premiums in respect such insurance, to extent due, have been paid. The , each other First Tier Covenant Party is full force effect respects accordance with its terms complies requirements set Section 5.02.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of State New Jersey. Any action to enforce provisions this commenced exclusively either Superior Court Jersey or United States District for Except as provided Section 2(f) of this Agreement, neither party hereto shall have the right to assign Agreement or any its rights obligations hereunder without prior written consent other party.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 8, the Option shall vest and become exercisable with respect to number of Shares specified on Vesting Date(s) set forth above, each case that Optionee has been continuous service Company from Date Grant through such Date(s). If Optionee’s terminates due death or Disability (as defined below), fully be all Shares. Any portion is not vested date termination cancelled forfeited at time service. Sections 7 8 hereof, once continue any times prior Expiration (subject applicable securities laws policy).
This Services Agreement may be executed in four counterparts, original all of which shall considered one and the same Agreement, become effective when or more such counterparts have been signed by each Parties delivered to other Party. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of Parties relating to subject matter this and merges, supersedes replaces all other such prior written or oral agreements, understandings arrangements matter. Employee acknowledges that in entering into Agreement, does not rely has relied on any statements representations contained Agreement.
This Third Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which, when taken together, shall constitute and the same document. A facsimile portable document format (PDF) signature on this equivalent to, have force effect as, an original signature. The Company and the Executive are parties to an Indemnification Agreement, dated January 4, 2016 (the “ Agreement ”), which shall continue in force effect accordance with its terms.
The provisions of this Exchange/Subscription Agreement shall be binding upon and accrue to the benefit parties hereto their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors permitted assigns. This Amendment, together with the Employment Agreement, constitutes entire agreement between and among parties supersedes any all prior contemporaneous oral or written understandings relating to subject matter hereof.
Landlord and Tenant hereby terminate the Lease effective as of Effective Date. agree that on date Option Closing, Termination Memorandum Agreement attached hereto Exhibit "A" shall be recorded in Real Property Records Denton County, Texas. Notwithstanding foregoing, Tenant's obligations under Section 7 Lease, indemnity contained 26 36 are remade by tenant survive termination Lease.
If the Company terminates Employee's employment for any reason other than Cause (as hereinafter defined), death or Disability defined herein), if Employee resigns Good Reason then shall be entitled to severance pay equal thirty (30) months of Base Salary in Employment Agreement) as Termination Date, less applicable taxes (the “ Severance Benefit ”). Payment is subject terms this Agreement, including but not limited to, Sections 4 and 16 .
An Eligible Employee may participate in the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a) by (i) submitting Company’s stock administration office (or its designee), on or before a date determined Administrator prior an applicable Offering Date, properly completed subscription agreement authorizing payroll deductions form provided for such purpose, (ii) following electronic other enrollment procedure Administrator.
(a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account any obligation Loan Party under Financing Document shall be made without deduction withholding for Taxes, except as required applicable law. If law (as determined in the good faith discretion an agent) requires Tax from such payment a agent, then agent entitled to make timely pay full amount deducted withheld relevant Governmental Authority accordance with and, if is Indemnified Tax, sum payable increased necessary so that after has been (including deductions withholdings additional sums this Section 2.16) Recipient receives equal it would have received had no made.
Whenever possible each provision and term of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner as to effective valid under applicable law, but if any or held prohibited by invalid then ineffective only the extent prohibition invalidity, without invalidating affecting whatsoever remainder provisions remaining terms Agreement. If contained Sections 5 8 for reason excessively broad unreasonable time, territory, interest protected, court is hereby empowered requested construe narrowing it so make reasonable enforceable provided law.
Any notice or other communication required permitted by this Agreement to be given a Party will in writing and deemed (i) if delivered personally commercial messenger courier service, (ii) when sent confirmed facsimile, (iii) mailed U.S. registered certified mail (return receipt requested), the at Party’s address written below such as may have previously specified like notice. If mail, delivery effective three (3) business days after mailing accordance with Section 12.G.
Each of Seller and Guarantor has all requisite corporate or other power, governmental licenses, authorizations, consents approvals necessary to own its assets carry on business as now being proposed be conducted, except where the lack such would not reasonably likely have a Material Adverse Effect with respect Seller, any Affiliate.
Section 2.14 of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth all Contracts currently in effect or pursuant to which parties thereto have current future rights obligations between, among involving Company, Company Loans Underlying Issuers, on one hand, and Seller Parent any its respective Affiliates (excluding including, for avoidance doubt, RAI, Resource Capital Northport Capital), officer, director, manager, member other securityholder Parent, immediate family such securityholder, hand (“ Affiliated ”).
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which, when so and delivered transmitted by facsimile, e-mail other electronic means, shall deemed to an original, all which taken together constitute but the same instrument. Execution delivery this any documents pursuant facsimile means be, have legal effect as, execution original signature person.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Issuer of this Consent New Indenture do not will (i) violate any material provision federal, state, or local law regulation applicable to Issuer, governing documents order, judgment, decree court other Governmental Authority binding on (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute (with due notice lapse time both) default under contract (iii) require approval Issuer’s equityholders (other than MAST) consent Person consents approvals that have been obtained are still force effect.
No change, modification, or termination of any the terms, provisions, conditions this Agreement shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by Employee an authorized officer Company. By accepting this Grant, Grantee expressly warrants that he or she has received an award of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and received, read understood a description Plan. understands Plan is discretionary in nature may be amended, suspended terminated by Company at any time.
The Plan Administrator shall serve without compensation for services rendered hereunder. is authorized at the expense of Employer to employ such legal counsel and/or record keeper as it may deem advisable assist in performance its duties Expense and fees connection with administration this be paid by Sponsor. The Parties and their respective Affiliates or subsidiaries shall cooperate with each other in all reasonable respects matters relating to the provision receipt of Services.
The Plan shall be effective as of October 1, 2007 (the “Effective Date”). In reliance on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Amendment, subject to satisfaction of conditions precedent set forth Section 2 hereof, Credit Agreement shall be amended effective as Third Amendment Effective Date manner provided 1 .
You represent and agree that: (a) you have carefully read understand this Agreement and, in particular, the General Release, Waiver Covenant Not to Sue contained paragraph 4 above, fully final binding effect of same; (b) were advised consult legal counsel before signing had opportunity do so; (c) are not entitled consideration set forth Agreement, but for your revoking it within permitted timeframes; (d) knowingly voluntarily reasons own; (e) Company has made any representations inconsistent with terms Agreement.
Use the proceeds of Credit Extensions worldwide for working capital and expenditure purposes, settlement put obligations, acquisitions permitted hereunder other lawful purposes not in contravention any Law or Loan Document; provided , Kohler Acquisition Closing Date Borrowing will be used solely set forth definition thereof. This lease is binding upon and inures to the benefit of parties their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, permitted assigns.
(a)The Audited Financial Statements and the Unaudited (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout periods covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, subject, case of Statements, to absence footnotes year-end audit adjustments; (ii) fairly present all material respects consolidated financial condition Company its Subsidiaries dates thereof results operations for thereby.
During the Term (as defined below), Executive shall serve Company as Chief Administrative Officer and President - Research & Technology or in such other capacity Board determine. comply with policies of may be effect from time to for executive officers, including, without limitation, Company’s regarding confidentiality, ownership intellectual property, drug testing, discrimination harassment, ethical conduct. have duties, authorities responsibilities designate that are consistent Executive’s position.
Neither the Company nor Executive may make any assignment of this Agreement or interest herein, by operation law otherwise, without prior written consent other; provided, however, that (a) assign its rights and obligations under to one Affiliates, in event Parent shall hereafter effect a reorganization with, consolidate merge into, an Affiliate Person transfer have transferred all substantially properties, outstanding stock, assets (b) Company’s are assigned pursuant Section 15, each reference herein be deemed from after such instead assignee. This inure benefit binding upon Executive, their respective successors, executors, administrators, heirs permitted assigns.
No Default or Event of has occurred and is continuing. Except for any breaches, defaults, violations, rights termination acceleration which purport to become effective upon the occurrence Bankruptcy Case, Knowledge Borrower, Borrower not in breach default under with respect contract, agreement, lease other instrument it a party by its property bound affected, could reasonably be expected have Material Adverse Effect.
(i) All Federal and material state local tax returns other reports required by applicable Requirements of Law to be filed any Loan Party have been filed, or extensions obtained, (ii) all taxes, assessments governmental charges imposed upon property which become due payable on prior the date hereof paid, except extent contested in good faith proper proceedings stay imposition penalty, fine Lien resulting from non-payment thereof with respect adequate reserves set aside for payment Financial Statements accordance GAAP.
This Agreement may be executed by facsimile in multiple counterparts, any one of which need not contain the signatures more than party, but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute and same instrument. This Agreement, together with the Merger constitutes entire agreement between parties respect to subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements understandings, both written oral, Agreement.
The execution, delivery and performance by such Investor of the Transaction Documents to which is a party have been duly authorized each will constitute valid legally binding obligation Investor, enforceable against in accordance with their respective terms, subject bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium similar laws general applicability, relating or affecting creditors’ rights generally.
Purchaser has been furnished with the audited consolidated financial statements of Company and its Subsidiaries for most recently competed fiscal year as required by Section 5.1.1 unaudited quarter 5.1.2 . Such have prepared in accordance GAAP, consistently applied, fairly present condition results operations Subsidiaries, case may be, subject, interim statements, to (a) year-end adjustments, which individually aggregate will not be materially adverse, (b) absence footnotes.
As of the Initial Funding Date, no Loan Party has any Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.12 , and all outstanding Equity Interests such have been validly issued, are fully paid non-assessable owned by a as specified on free clear Liens except created or permitted under Collateral Documents. equity investments corporation entity 6 to Perfection Certificate. All Borrower Holdings
The Loan shall bear interest as set forth in the Note. Any other Obligations at highest applicable rate then accruing on outstanding balance of Loan. Notwithstanding Section 4 of the TIC Agreement, each Duke and Commander hereby fully irrevocably waive their right to partition Property and/or vote on any sale, refinancing or exchange Property.
Any notice necessary under th e Agreement should be addressed to the Company in care of its Vice President – Compensation and Benefits at principal executive office Participant address appearing personnel records for or either party such other as may hereafter designate writing other. will deemed effective upon receipt thereof by addressee.
Any notices provided for in the Award or Plan shall be given writing and deemed effectively upon receipt or, case of delivered by Corporation to Grantee, five (5) days after deposit United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed Grantee at last address Corporation. Notwithstanding foregoing, may, its sole discretion, decide deliver any documents related participation this electronic means request Grantee’s consent participate means. The hereby consents receive such delivery and, if requested, agree through an on-line system established maintained another third party designated
The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration filing with, other action by, Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained made and are in full force effect, (b) will violate applicable law regulation the charter, by-laws organizational constitutional documents of IHS Subsidiaries order (c) result a default under indenture, agreement instrument binding upon IHS, Loan Party their respective assets, give rise to right thereunder payment be by Party, (d) creation imposition Lien on asset its Subsidiaries.
(a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation the Borrower hereunder shall (except to extent required law) be made free clear without deduction for Indemnified Taxes Other Taxes; provided that if deduct withhold from such payments, then (i) sum payable increased as necessary so after making deductions (including applicable additional sums under this Section) Administrative Agent, Lender Issuing Bank (as case may be) receives an amount equal it would have received had no been made, (ii) make withholdings (iii) pay full deducted withheld relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with law.
The Closing of the purchase and sale Units pursuant to hereto shall take place at offices Bass, Berry & Sims PLC on Date or such other location remotely by facsimile transmission electronic means as determined Company. The term of the Company commenced on December 17, 2015 by filing Certificate Formation with office Secretary State Delaware and shall continue in existence perpetually until termination or dissolution accordance provisions Article X .
The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event any of provisions Section 7.03 this Agreement were not performed accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached. Accordingly, each shall be entitled to performance thereof, including an injunction injunctions prevent breaches and enforce specifically Iowa federal state court contemplated by 10.13 . Each hereby further waives defense action for a remedy at law adequate regarding such
Section 18.3 of the Plan shall apply with regard to any federal (including contributions under Federal Insurance Contributions Act), state or local tax withholding as may be applicable respect grant, vesting, ownership disposition Regular TRG Units Performance Units. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each counterpart shall have the same force effect as an original constitute effective, binding agreement on part of undersigned. Execution delivery this by exchange facsimile copies bearing signature a party valid execution such party. Such enforceable documents.
Upon the indefeasible payment in full of all Secured Liabilities Subordinated Lender shall release security interest granted to pursuant this Agreement and, except as otherwise provided herein, Borrower’s obligations hereunder at such time terminate. The term of Executive's employment hereunder shall commence on June 16, 2015 and continue until 2016, unless sooner terminated or extended as hereinafter provided (the "Employment Term").
Upon termination of this Agreement, Buyer, at its sole option, shall return to Seller or destroy all title, engineering, environmental assessments reports, maps and other information furnished by on behalf Buyer prepared in connection with due diligence investigation the Assets, each case, accordance Confidentiality Agreements (and subject such retention rights as are provided Agreements) an officer certify same writing.
This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of successors assigns Company, Company shall obligated require any successor expressly acknowledge assume its obligations under this Agreement. extent provided enforceable by Executive or Executive's legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees legatees. The may not delegate duties, responsibilities, positions person such purported delegation void no force effect.
Except as expressly modified by this Amendment and the First Amendment, Agreement remains unmodified in full force effect. This along with is entire agreement between parties hereto respect to subject matter hereof supersedes all prior agreements understandings, whether oral or written, such matters. Any future reference shall be deemed a Agreement, amended Amendment. may not terminated orally any manner other than an writing signed their respective successors interest. The foregoing Recitals are hereby incorporated into Agreement.
No failure or delay on the part of Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank, Swingline Lender any in exercise power, right privilege hereunder under other Loan Document shall impair such be construed to a waiver default acquiescence therein, nor single partial preclude further thereof privilege. The rights, powers and remedies given each hereby are cumulative addition independent all existing by virtue statute rule Law Documents. Any forbearance exercise, exercising, right, power remedy not thereof, it remedy.
Employee shall be employed as Chief Financial Officer, Accounting Officer and an Executive Vice President of RBT, reporting to the Chairman Audit Committee RBT’s Board Directors (“ ”). RBT reserves exclusive right designate modify Employee’s specific duties from time in any manner consistent with status Officer. No modification or change responsibilities and/or modify, revoke provision this Agreement.
Any provision of the Agreement, as amended hereby, or any future amendment thereto that is expressly by implication intended to survive termination Agreement shall remain in effect after Agreement. The accuracy in all material respects when made and on the Second Closing Date of representations warranties Holder contained herein (unless as a specific date therein).
Any legal action or proceeding with respect to the Loan Documents shall be brought exclusively in courts of State New York located City York, Borough Manhattan, United States America for Southern District and, by execution and delivery this Agreement, each Party hereby accepts itself its Property, generally unconditionally, jurisdiction aforesaid courts. Notwithstanding foregoing, Agent Lenders have right bring any against (or Property such Party) court other deem necessary appropriate order realize on Collateral security Obligations. The parties hereto irrevocably waive objection, including objection laying venue based grounds forum non conveniens , that them may now hereafter bringing jurisdictions.
During the Employment Term (as defined in Section 4 ), Company shall pay Employee a salary at annual rate of $360,000 or such greater amount as Board committee thereof may from time to establish pursuant terms hereof (the “ Base Salary ”). Such be reviewed annually and increased, but not decreased, by its sole discretion. The payable accordance with Company’s customary payroll practices for senior management personnel.
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “ Closing ”) shall take place exchange documents among Parties fax or courier, as appropriate, following satisfaction waiver all conditions to obligations consummate hereby (other than with respect actions respective will at itself) not later January 15, 2017 such other date Purchaser and Principal may mutually determine Date ”).
The Seller has heretofore made available to the Purchaser and Trustee copies of Consolidated Parent’s consolidated balance sheets statements income changes in financial condition as for fiscal years ended January 31, 2014 2015, audited by accompanied opinion Ernst & Young independent public accountants. Except disclosed prior date this Agreement, such present fairly all material respects results operations Parent its subsidiaries dates periods; notes thereto disclose liabilities, direct or contingent, thereof required be GAAP were prepared accordance with applied on a consistent basis. Since there been no adverse change (financial otherwise), operations, properties, assets prospects Subsidiaries.
All notices must be in writing and delivered to the other party’s principal business address, by personal delivery, overnight courier service, email or facsimile. Notices will deemed given as of date receipt, which shall evidenced signature an authorized representative receiving party written evidence a successful transmission All notices and other communications to the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall be given as provided in Indenture, at address for Guarantors set forth Indenture.
As of the Closing Date, no judgments are outstanding against Borrower that could be an Event Default under clause (e) Section 11.1 , nor is there as such date pending, or to best Borrower’s knowledge, threatened, except, shown on Schedule 7.13 any (i) litigation, suit, action contested claim (other than a personal injury tort claim), federal, state municipal governmental proceeding, by its Property which if adversely determined have Material Adverse Effect, (ii) for injury, including death, (a) litigation has been instituted and pending (b) request medical records made upon attorney claimant after January 1, 2014.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Borrower may request issuance of Letters Credit for account Holdings or any its Subsidiaries, in a form reasonably acceptable Administrative Agent Issuing Bank, at time from during Revolving Commitment Period. In event inconsistency between this Agreement letter credit application other agreement submitted by to, entered into with, Bank relating Letter Credit, shall control.
This Agreement and the other Loan Documents, unless expressly set forth therein, shall be governed by, construed enforced in accordance with, law of State New York (including Section 5-1401 General Obligations Law York), without reference to conflicts or choice principles thereof that would require application another (but giving effect federal laws relating national banks).
Ivey agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company its successors assigns, from against any all losses, damages, costs, expenses (including attorneys’ fees other costs of defending action) which it may incur as a result claim relating (a) breach or nonfulfillment covenant, agreement representation on part under this Agreement, (b) act omission failure conform comply with federal, state local laws, regulations standards.
The provisions of this Article 5 shall survive the Closing. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall, for all purposes, deemed to an original, but shall constitute and the same Agreement. This Agreement (including the documents referred to herein) entered into among parties constitutes entire agreement between and supersedes any prior understandings, agreements, or representations by parties, written oral, extent related subject matter hereof.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by electronic transmission) in one or more counterparts, the different parties hereto separate each of which, when delivered, shall deemed to an original but all which taken together constitute same agreement. Electronically transmitted signatures be, legally effective as, for purposes this Agreement.
As a full-time employee you are eligible to participate in all Company benefit plans, which include but not limited medical, dental, life, short-term and long-term disability insurance 401(k) Plan. Participation plans will be subject the terms of applicable plan documents policies regarding benefits. Additionally, during your first year employment, entitled reimbursed for up $2,500 estate. Tax financial planning expenses.
Any term used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the same meaning as in Plan. conflict between this Agreement Plan will be resolved favor of disputes or questions right obligation which result from relate to any interpretation determined by Committee. such determination binding conclusive upon Optionee person persons claiming through rights hereunder.
The terms of the Plan and this Agreement when accepted by Grantee will constitute entire agreement with respect to subject matter hereof. This supersedes any prior agreements, representations or promises parties relating This Agreement may not be amended except by a written instrument executed the Parties. This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to this on any number separate counterparts, and all said counterparts taken together shall deemed constitute same instrument. Delivery an signature page facsimile transmission other electronic (i.e., a “.pdf” “.tif”) effective as delivery manually counterpart hereof.
Subject to the provisions of Section 6, term employment pursuant this Agreement (the “Term”) shall be one (1) year from Effective Date and renewed automatically for periods commencing at first anniversary on each subsequent thereafter unless either Executive or Employer gives written notice other not less than sixty (60) days prior date any such party’s election extend Term. In event that elects an date, entitled benefits described in 7(b) below.
Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall in writing, specifically refer Agreement, and addressed the appropriate Party at address specified below such other as may by writing accordance with Section 14.4, deemed have been for all purposes (a) when received, if hand-delivered sent confirmed facsimile a reputable courier service, (b) five business days after mailing, mailed first class certified registered airmail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested.
The Company does not own, directly or indirectly, any capital stock other equity securities of corporation have direct indirect ownership interest in business than the conducted by it (the "Business"). This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State New Jersey, without giving effect to principals conflicts laws, applicable provisions federal law.
Not later than 12:00 noon (Pacific time) on the applicable Borrowing Date, Swing Line Lender shall make available Loan, in funds immediately available, to Administrative Agent at its address specified pursuant ARTICLE XIII. The will promptly so received from Borrower Date Agent’s aforesaid address. Each time that a Loan is made by this Section 2.4(c), be deemed, without further action any party hereto, have unconditionally and irrevocably sold each purchased Lender, participation such proportion Pro Rata Share.
Headings are given to the sections and subsections of this Agreement solely as a convenience facilitate reference. Such headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant construction-or interpretation provision thereof. If any provision or section of this Agreement is determined to be void otherwise unenforceable, it shall not affect the validity enforceability other provisions which remain enforceable in accordance with their terms.
Promptly following the determination of Final CC Closing Share Consideration on Statement in accordance with Section 3.4(f) Contribution Agreement, if (i) as shown is greater than Estimated Statement, then shall deliver to Saltzman number additional shares CFI Class A Common Stock equal such excess amount, or (ii) transfer excess. CC, applicable, satisfy obligation within, case Saltzman, three Business Days demand by receipt pursuant Agreement. Any agreement arrangement connection 3.4 Agreement be binding without any right objection modification.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State New York applicable to contracts made performed within York. The parties hereto each hereby irrevocably waive, fullest extent permitted law, any all rights trial jury legal proceeding arising out or relating this transactions contemplated hereby.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding among Standby Purchaser Company, supersedes all prior agreements understandings relating to subject matter hereof. From and after the Effective Date, Executive shall serve in position of President Chief Officer Blackwater Holdings or its successor, such other positions as parties mutually may agree.
This Sublease shall be construed without regard to any presumption or other rule suggesting construction interpretation against the party causing this drafted. All terms and words used in Sublease, regardless of number gender which they are used, deemed include as context may require. The word “person” means a natural person persons, partnership, corporation form business legal association entity.
The Company and each Guarantor shall, shall cause of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain, with financially sound reputable independent insurers, insurance respect to its Properties business against loss or damage the kinds customarily insured by Persons engaged in same similar business, such types amounts deductibles covering risks as are carried companies businesses, owning localities where Subsidiary operates, except failure do so would not reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. Such will primary contributing.
Borrower and Operating Lessee shall keep maintain all Intellectual Property currently registered in the name of or (as applicable) relating to use operation Viceroy (other than any used by pursuant applicable Management Agreement) applicable). Neither nor transfer let lapse such without Lender’s prior consent unless is ordinary course business would not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect. Lender acknowledges that it has no security interest right Borrower’s Lessee’s (or their Affiliates) trade names trademarks connection with Loan as set forth Assignment Agreement).
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings assigned to them in Facility Agreement. The closing of the purchase and sale Shares contemplated by this Agreement (the “ Closing ”) shall occur, be effective, automatically without any further action party, at 9 a.m., New York City time, on February 2, 2016.
If any provision of this Amendment or other Credit Document is held to be illegal, invalid unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability remaining provisions Documents shall not affected impaired thereby (b) parties endeavor in good faith negotiations replace unenforceable with valid economic effect which comes as close possible that provisions. The invalidity a particular jurisdiction invalidate render such jurisdiction.
The Executive (and his eligible dependents) shall be entitled to receive such benefits (including, without limitation, fringe and perquisites) participate in employee benefit plans, including life, health disability insurance policies the Company's Code Section 401(k) pension plan, as are generally provided by Company its executives at a comparable level accordance with terms of practices programs Company, commensurate Executive's position.
If any term or provision of this Agreement the application thereof to person circumstance shall, extent, be invalid unenforceable, remainder such persons circumstances other than those as which it is held shall not affected thereby, and each valid enforced fullest extent permitted by law. There are no material claims, actions, suits, proceedings, or investigations pending, to the current actual knowledge of officers and directors Buyer, without any duty independent inquiry, threatened against Buyer that could reasonably be expected materially impair ability fulfill perform its obligations under this Agreement.
During the Term, Company shall continue to provide Executive benefits set forth in sections entitled “Health and Welfare Benefits”, “Meal Reimbursement” “Paid Time Off” of offer letter entered into by on May 19, 2014 (the “ Offer Letter ”). This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of parties hereto in respect subject matter contained herein, there are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, covenants, conditions or undertakings with to hereof, other than those expressly set forth referred herein. supersedes all prior agreements understandings between hereof.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of parties relating to Employee’s employment and termination from with Company, any all previous agreements respect these matters, unless specifically incorporated herein, are superseded by this Agreement. No term, provision or condition may be modified in except a writing executed hereto. person has authority make representations promises on behalf not set forth herein been reliance upon representation promise those contained herein.
No Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary to, directly indirectly (a) declare, pay, make set aside amount for payment in respect of Subordinated Debt, except payments made full compliance with and expressly permitted under the Subordination Agreement, (b) amend otherwise modify terms amendments modifications Agreement relating thereto, (c) Debt hereinafter incurred that, by its terms, separate agreement, is subordinated to Obligations, subordination provisions applicable thereto. Borrowers shall, prior entering into such amendment modification, deliver Agent reasonably advance execution thereof, final form copy thereof.
Avalon and each of the Subsidiaries has duly filed all tax reports returns (federal, state local income, corporate, franchise other) required by it to be filed. These are true correct in material respects taxes due pursuant thereto have been paid. Copies such provided GTHC. not received notice any deficiency outstanding, proposed or assessed against it, nor executed waiver statute limitations on assessment collection tax. There no liens upon, pending against, best knowledge Avalon, threatened assets Avalon. is current its payment obligations for workers compensation disability insurance, withholding payroll other payments respect employees.
This Agreement will take effect automatically on the Effective Date and no provision of this shall be effective until Date, except for following sections, which as Execution Date: Sections 11.4, 14.3 , 14.4 . Each Party use [**] to cause become soon practicable Date. No Credit Party will, or will permit any Restricted Subsidiary of a to, create, assume, incur, to exist be created, assumed, permitted exist, directly indirectly, Lien on its property, real personal, now owned hereafter acquired, except for Permitted Liens.
The Executive agrees that he hereby resigns from all other positions held by him with the Company and any entity in Company, including without limitation position as a director, officer, agent, trustee or consultant unless otherwise agreed effective on date when Executive's employment terminates. In addition, exchange for full severance payment paid to pursuant Sections 9(b)(v) or(vi), above, satisfaction of obligation owed Executive, shall sign final release form satisfactory acting reasonably, which not impose post-employment obligations beyond those set forth this Agreement.
Assignor hereby assigns, transfers and conveys to Assignee, as of the Effective Date, all Assignor’s right, title interest in Brownfields Agreements, including without limitation, benefits, rights, covenants, liability protections obligations provided therein. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event any provision of this Agreement was not performed accordance with terms hereof and shall be entitled to specific performance hereof, addition other remedy at law or equity.
Optionee hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use transfer, in electronic or other form, of Optionee’s personal data as described this Grant (“ Personal Data ” ) by among, applicable, Employer, Company any Subsidiary Affiliate for exclusive purpose implementing, administering managing participation Plan. Unless otherwise specifically defined herein, each term used herein (and in the recitals above) which is Credit Agreement shall have meaning assigned to such Agreement. Each reference “hereof,” “hereunder,” “herein,” and “hereby” other similar “this Amendment” contained from after date hereof refer as amended hereby.
This Agreement, including the Plans and Definitive Documents, constitutes entire agreement of Parties with respect to subject matter this supersedes all other prior negotiations, agreements understandings, whether written or oral, among Agreement; provided , however that any confidentiality executed by Restructuring Support Party shall survive Agreement continue be in full force effect accordance its terms.
All notices, demands or other communications to be given delivered under by reason of the provisions this Agreement will in writing and deemed have been when personally (including Federal Express reputable courier service) sent electronic mail facsimile transmission, promptly confirmed writing. Notices, communication Parent, Purchaser, Investors, Sellers Escrow Agent will, unless another address is specified writing, respective indicated Purchase Securities Agreement, as case may be.
The Company shall pay all original issue and transfer taxes with respect to the of shares pursuant hereto other fees expenses necessarily incurred by in connection therewith. All notices under this Agreement shall be mailed or delivered by hand to the parties at their respective addresses set forth beneath signatures below such other address as may designated in writing either party , permitted transferees if applicable. Notices effective upon receipt .
Subject to Section 10, the Plan shall be applicable for initial Performance Period and all future fiscal years of Company unless amended or terminated by pursuant 7. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by Recipient or Company to Compensation Committee for review. The resolution such a final and binding on Recipient.
The Participant shall make appropriate arrangements with the Company for satisfaction of any federal, state or local income tax withholding requirements, Social Security and other employee requirements applicable to granting, crediting, vesting payment benefits under Plan. There be deducted from each made Plan Compensation payable (or Beneficiary) all taxes which are required withheld by in respect such this have right reduce Compensation) amount cash sufficient provide said taxes.
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between parties, except that this does not supersede or limit Executive’s post-employment restrictions obligations to Company, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates related entities, may be contained in any other agreement Executive and such as an offer letter, equity award agreement, similar document. The parties have relied on oral statements are included Agreement. Any modifications must writing signed by Company’s Vice President, Human Resources.
The Executive and the Company acknowledge agree that no third party shall have any rights or benefits under this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended modified only by a written instrument signed Company. Each Party hereto will bear and pay all costs expenses incurred by it in connection with the transactions contemplated this Agreement, including fees of its own financial consultants, accountants counsel (and respect to Buyer Section 7.2(c); provided , however, that a indemnify other for any finder’s relating consummation Agreement.
The undersigned represents and warrants to Landlord that (i) Tenant is duly organized, validly existing in good standing accordance with the laws of state under which it was organized; (ii) all action necessary authorize execution this Amendment has been taken by Tenant; (iii) individual executing delivering on behalf authorized do so, such delivery shall bind Tenant. Tenant, at Landlord's request, provide evidence authority.
During the Employment Period, Executive shall receive an annual base salary (“ Annual Base Salary ”) at a rate of not less than $800,000 payable in accordance with Company’s normal payroll policies. The Executive’s be reviewed for increase least annually by Compensation Committee Board (the “ pursuant to performance review reduced after any and term as utilized this Agreement refer so increased.
All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings given to them in Contribution Agreement. The Executive shall be employed as the Chief Officer of Company and Bank and, subject to direction Board Directors, perform discharge faithfully duties responsibilities which may assigned from time in connection with conduct its business. commensurate position chief executive officer a bank holding company.
Upon the payment in full of Obligations and termination Security Agreement, Grantee shall, at reasonable request Grantor, execute, acknowledge, deliver to Grantor an instrument writing recordable form releasing collateral pledge, grant, lien security interest Trademarks listed on Schedule I attached hereto. Closing shall take place on the Date, at or around 9:00 MST by before July 8, 2016, such other date, time as AHIT and Northern agree in writing, but be deemed effective of 12:01 a.m. Date.
This Agreement (including Exhibits) constitutes and contains the entire agreement final understanding concerning Executive’s employment with Company other subject matters addressed herein between parties. It is intended by parties as a complete exclusive statement of terms their agreement. supersedes replaces all prior negotiations agreements proposed or otherwise, whether written oral, matter hereof. Any representation, promise not specifically included in this shall be binding upon enforceable against either party. fully integrated
If requested by the indemnifying party, indemnified party agrees to cooperate with and its counsel in contesting or defending against any Indemnity Claim that elects contest defend or, if appropriate, making counterclaim Person asserting Claim, cross-complaint Person, will reimburse for reasonable expenses incurred it so cooperating. At no cost expense shall reasonably Claim.
The Plan, Notice and Prospectus are hereby incorporated by reference made a part hereof. This Agreement, constitute the entire agreement of parties supersede all prior undertakings agreements with respect to subject matter All of Borrower’s obligations under this Section 4 shall survive termination the Total Commitment and repayment Obligation hereunder.
Sellers have caused the Escrow Agent (also referred to herein as “ Title Company ” issue Buyer (with a copy Sellers) title insurance commitment for Property (the Commitment ). The policy be issued at Closing by pursuant Policy ) shall standard New Jersey-approved ALTA 2006 form of owner’s policy. cause subject Permitted Exceptions (hereinafter defined) and free clear all or general exceptions contained in which is permitted applicable law remove modify upon delivery affidavit from Sellers.
All notices or requests consents provided for by, permitted to be given pursuant to, this Agreement must in writing and by depositing same the United States mail, addressed Person notified, postage-paid, registered certified with return receipt requested delivering such notice person, overnight delivery service facsimile email Party. Notice personal mail shall effective upon actual receipt. if received during recipient’s normal business hours at beginning of next Business Day after not hours. sent a Party made address set forth below other as may stipulate Parties manner Section 6.2 .
Borrower shall have delivered evidence satisfactory to the Lender of existence insurance required hereby. The Loan Documents shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State California, without regard to conflicts law provisions California or any other state. Company each Investor consent personal jurisdiction Orange County, California.
All material federal, state and other tax returns reports required to be filed by or with respect the Company have been duly timely filed, all taxes, assessments, fees governmental charges owed for which may liable that become due payable paid in full, except those are being contested good faith appropriate proceedings diligently conducted adequate reserves provided accordance GAAP. There is no proposed assessment against would, if made, a Material Adverse Effect. Liens (other than current period taxes not yet payable) on any of assets arose connection failure (or alleged failure) pay tax, assessment, fee charge nature tax.
The Parties acknowledge and agree that, in the event of a breach or threatened by either Party this Agreement for which it will have no adequate remedy at law, other may suffer irreparable damage and, accordingly, shall be entitled to injunctive equitable remedies prevent restrain such breach, addition any they might law equity. In provision, authorized obtain from court competent jurisdiction relief, whether preliminary permanent, arising rights cumulative
All laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time concerning relating bribery corruption, including United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 1977, UK Bribery 2010, other similar anti-corruption legislation in jurisdictions . The Agent may declare any and all of the Obligations to be immediately due payable; and, in addition that right, exercising other rights or remedies, proceed exercise with respect Collateral rights, options remedies a secured party upon default as provided for under Uniform Commercial Code (“ UCC ”).
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, and will become effective binding upon the parties at such time as all signatories hereto have signed a counterpart this Agreement. All counterparts so constitute on hereto, notwithstanding that are not signatory to same counterpart. Each sign sufficient number party receive fully original
The Lenders, the Administrative Agent, Brazilian Agent and Arrangers shall have received all fees out-of-pocket expenses required to be paid hereunder (with respect such expenses) invoiced at least three (3) Business Days prior Closing Date. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF STATE DELAWARE, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PRINCIPLES CONFLICTS LAW THEREOF. ANY RIGHT TRIAL JURY RESPECT CLAIM OR PROCEEDING RELATED ARISING OUT AGREEMENT, TRANSACTION CONDUCT CONNECTION HEREWITH, IS HEREBY WAIVED EACH PARTNERS.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of State Delaware, without regard to application any choice-of-law rules that would result another state’s laws. Any dispute hereunder may adjudicated Federal or state court sitting Delaware or, at Company’s election, other which Ms. Hall maintains her principal residence principle place business.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, closing purchase sale Shares by Purchasers Company pursuant Agreement (the “ Closing ”) shall be held at offices Sullivan & Cromwell LLP, 125 Broad Street, New York, York 10004, 10:00 a.m. time, as soon reasonably practicable (which may date hereof) after set forth in Article VI (other than those that their nature are satisfied Closing, but subject satisfaction) or waived, such other date, time place mutually agree writing Date ”).
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.9, (a) the Parent Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use otherwise possess a legally enforceable right use, all Intellectual Property necessary for conduct business currently conducted; (b) no material claim has been asserted pending by any Person challenging questioning constituent validity effectiveness Property, nor does know valid basis such claim; (c) Borrower’s knowledge, not infringe rights in respect.
(a)This Agreement is personal to Executive and without the prior written consent of Company shall not be assignable by Executive, except for assignment will or laws descent distribution, any in violation this void. The may only assign Agreement, its rights obligations hereunder, accordance with terms Section 15(b) hereof, an Affiliate Company, provided that such assignee expressly agrees assume writing perform all hereunder.
This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding between Company Sabby Parties with respect to subject matter of this supersedes all prior agreements, commitments, arrangements, negotiations or understandings, whether oral written, express implied, either thereto. Except as expressly set forth in pursuant Series A Warrant Amendment, terms conditions Transaction Documents shall continue full force effect after execution not be any way changed, modified superseded by herein.
In interpreting the terms and conditions of this Agreement, no presumption shall be interpreted for or against a party as result role such in drafting Agreement. Sections headings are convenience only not used to interpret This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which is an original, but all together constitute one and the same agreement.
This Amendment No. 1 may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall an original, but all taken together constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery counterpart this by telefacsimile or other electronic method transmission have force effect as delivery original 1. Any party delivering also deliver 1, failure to do so not affect validity, enforceability, binding
As of the Second Restatement Effective Date, Obligors’ Agent has provided Agents with a listing all material insurance maintained by each Group Member as amounts insured (and any deductibles) set forth therein. The Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of Delaware without reference to principles conflicts thereof.
Notwithstanding anything in this Article XIV or elsewhere Agreement to the contrary, any amendment and restatement of Exhibit A hereto by General Partner reflect events changes otherwise authorized permitted Agreement, whether pursuant Section 7.01.A(20) hereof otherwise, shall not be deemed an may done at time from time, as necessary without Consent Limited Partners.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which will deemed an original and all which, taken together, constitute one instrument. Buyer Seller execute different counterparts this and, if they do so, the signature pages from combined to provide integrated document. Execution confirmed by exchange signatures telefacsimile or electronic mail transmission, a telefaxed emailed have same effect as original.
The Borrower will not, and not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, use the proceeds Loans for purpose other than payment Expenses. No provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by an instrument in writing signed the Company and Holder. Unless otherwise noted, all references to Sections herein are of this Agreement. The titles, captions and headings Agreement inserted for convenience reference only not intended be a part or affect the meaning interpretation
The Borrower agrees to promptly take such action, upon the request of Agent, as is necessary carry out intent this Amendment. Each Granting Party shall remain liable for any deficiency if the proceeds of sale or other disposition Security Collateral are insufficient to pay in full Loans, Reimbursement Obligations constituting such and, extent then due and owing, all reasonable fees disbursements attorneys employed by Agent Secured collect deficiency.
In the event that either party breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement, other may, at option, seek monetary damages, a court order requiring compliance with or legal and equitable remedies as appropriate. A court, jury, and/or agency competent jurisdiction shall determine nature, extent value damages caused by breach including whether Agreement requires return some all benefits provided Paragraph 4 above discontinuance Company’s remaining Agreement. addition to rights may have law in equity, it right enforcement an action equity and, such enforce reasonable fees, costs expenses, permitted recovery does not result invalidation
The Committee shall have plenary authority to award Incentives under the Plan, interpret establish any rules or regulations relating Plan that it determines be appropriate, enter into agreements with provide notices participants as terms of (the Incentive Agreements) and make other determination believes necessary advisable for proper administration Plan. Its decisions in matters final conclusive on Company participants. may delegate its hereunder extent provided Section 3 hereof.
Each of the Credit Parties and each Subsidiary owns all Intellectual Property, franchises or rights with respect to foregoing, has obtained licenses other whatever nature necessary for present conduct its businesses, in case without any known conflict others which, failure obtain as may be, could reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement shall become effective when it has been executed by all of the parties to this Agreement. The Company shall have the right to withhold from any Bonus Payment, federal, state or local income and/or payroll taxes required by law be withheld and take such other action as Committee may deem advisable enable Participants satisfy obligations for payment of withholding tax relating a bonus.
In the event of any disputes or controversies arising from this Agreement its interpretation, party parties prevailing in a court competent jurisdiction, receiving settlement payment, will be entitled to receive reasonable legal fees and related costs expenses. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Delaware, without regard to principles conflicts thereof.
Each filing Party shall (a) regularly provide the other with copies of all patent applications filed hereunder and material submissions correspondence offices, in sufficient time to allow for review comment by (b) its counsel an opportunity consult regarding contents any such application, amendment, submission or response. The hereby agrees that advice suggestions be taken into reasonable consideration connection each filing. shall, upon request from at Party’s sole cost, reasonably cooperate activities.
It has the legal capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement documents be executed delivered by it at Closing pursuant transactions contemplated hereby. This all such constitute valid binding agreements of party, enforceable in accordance with their terms. The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit NBHC , its successors assigns, Participant beneficiaries, executors, administrators, heirs Participant.
Set forth on Schedule 5.20(a), is the following information which true and complete in all respects as of Closing Date: (i) a accurate list Subsidiaries, joint ventures partnerships other equity investments Loan Parties Date, (ii) number shares each class Equity Interests Subsidiary outstanding, (iii) percentage outstanding owned by their Subsidiaries. The Subsidiaries are validly issued, fully paid non-assessable free clear Liens than Permitted Liens. There no subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or agreements commitments (other stock options granted to employees directors directors’ qualifying shares) any nature relating Party thereof, except contemplated connection with Documents.
Any claim or controversy arising out of relating to this Agreement the breach hereof shall be resolved exclusively by arbitration. such arbitration will administered in accordance with Employment Dispute Resolution Rules American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), near area Plymouth, Michigan before an experienced employment law arbitrator licensed practice that jurisdiction who has been selected Rules. Each party may represented counsel. The arbitrator’s award enforceable, and a judgment entered thereon, federal state court competent where was held. decision final binding.
Executive shall be eligible for 4 weeks of paid vacation that includes 1 week Christmas holidays as provided to similarly situated employees under the Company ' s policy, if there is one, or other policies in place, which time taken at such times each year so not materially and adversely interfere with business Company. Unused may carried over from any one-year period except required by law.
As of the Closing Date, all financial information and other factual furnished by or on behalf either Borrower in writing to Bank (including, without limitation, contained Loan Documents) for purposes connection with this Agreement, Documents any transaction contemplated herein therein is true accurate material respects date as which such dated certified not incomplete omitting state fact necessary make misleading respect at time light circumstances under was provided.
The term of this Agreement (the “Term”) shall commence effective as the Effective Date and continue until fourth anniversary Date, unless Executive’s employment is earlier terminated in accordance with Section 10 Agreement; provided, however, that, on subsequent dates or any extension, will automatically be extended for an additional year unless, not later than ninety (90) calendar days prior to such date, Company have given written notice Executive that it does wish extend Term. Upon expiration Agreement, remain “at will” employee but still subject bound by terms Agreement.
The execution, delivery and performance by each of Seller Party Guarantor Program Agreement do not conflict with any term or provision the formation documents by-laws Parties Guarantors law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, writ, injunction decree applicable to court, regulatory body, administrative agency governmental body having jurisdiction over Guarantor, which would have a Material Adverse Effect will result in violation such mortgage, instrument, agreement obligation is party.
In the event of any actual or threatened default in, breach of, terms, conditions and provisions this Agreement, Party Parties who are to be thereby aggrieved shall have right specific performance injunctive other equitable relief (on an interim permanent basis) its rights under in addition all remedies at law equity, such cumulative. The agree that for breach, including monetary damages, may inadequate compensation loss defense action a remedy would adequate is hereby waived. Any requirements securing posting bond with also waived by each Parties.
It is expected that the Spinco omnibus equity plan and executive severance will contain standard change in control provisions similar to those contained comparable Biogen plans. From time to after Closing, the Parties shall each execute, acknowledge and deliver other such further instruments take action as may be reasonably requested in order accomplish more effectively purposes of Transaction.
During the Pre-Closing Period, each Party hereto shall promptly notify representative of other any lawsuits, claims, proceedings or investigations which after date hereof are threatened commenced against such officer, director, employee, consultant, agent shareholder thereof, in their capacities as such, which, if decided adversely, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect upon condition (financial otherwise), assets, liabilities, business, operations prospects OS Business.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally, sent by internationally recognized overnight courier (postage prepaid acknowledgment of receipt requested) the party whom same is so delivered, applicable addresses set forth on signature pages hereof (or at such address for a as specified like notice).
The Holder, in addition to being entitled exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be specific performance its under this Class A Warrant. Company agrees that monetary damages would not adequate compensation for any loss incurred reason a breach it the provisions Warrant and hereby waive assert defense action remedy at law adequate.
Effective as of July 1, 2016, Section 2(a) the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting “$230,000” therefrom and replacing it with “$275,000”. This Agreement and the agreements, instruments, documents contemplated hereby, shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, Legal Requirements of State Delaware, without regard to any applicable principles conflicts law that might require application other jurisdiction.
Executive will be reporting to the Company’s Chief Officer. Within limitations established by Bylaws of Company, shall have each and all duties responsibilities CFO position such other on behalf Company as may reasonably assigned from time Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Company agrees employ Executive, Executive serve Company, as its Vice President, Human Resources General Counsel (“Executive’s Position”). The parties intend that shall continue so in capacity throughout Employment Term (as such term is defined below).
Tenant, at Tenant’s expense, shall be responsible for obtaining all required permits and approvals each of Monument Sign Exterior Signs (collectively,” ”). must comply with Requirements. Landlord, no cost to cooperate Tenant obtain Signs. hereby acknowledges that, notwithstanding Landlord’s approval Signs, Landlord has made representations or warranties respect the probability such approvals, nor availability location failure not delay Lease Commencement Date release from any obligations under this Lease.
No Individual Borrower shall (and not permit or cause Mortgage to) and Equity Owner Operating Lessee create, incur, assume suffer to exist any Lien on portion of Property the Collateral such action be taken, except for Permitted Encumbrances subject contest rights in accordance with terms hereof. Executive’s “ Disability ” means absence from the full-time performance of his duties with Company for one hundred eighty (180) consecutive days by reason physical or mental illness.
This Agreement, together with the exhibits hereto, constitute entire agreement and supersede all prior agreements understandings, both written oral, among parties respect to subject matter hereof. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein (including in the preamble hereto) have meanings assigned to them Loan Agreement. For Executive’s first year of employment he will be entitled to 15 days vacation, earned on a pro-rated basis depending date hire. Additional vacation time accrued after each completed service based the hire in accordance with Employee Handbook.
BORROWER, AGENT AND THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF RELATING FINANCING DOCUMENTS TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY AGREE THAT SUCH SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT NOT JURY. EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGE THIS WAIVER IS MATERIAL INDUCEMENT ENTER INTO BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP, HAS RELIED ON ENTERING AGREEMENT OTHER DOCUMENTS, WILL CONTINUE RELY THEIR RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS. WARRANT REPRESENT THEY HAVE HAD OPPORTUNITY REVIEWING WITH COUNSEL, KNOWINGLY VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS RIGHTS.
The Company's obligations under this Agreement shall be subject to the satisfaction of all applicable withholding requirements including those related federal, state and local income Service taxes (the “Required Withholding”). Company may withhold an appropriate amount cash (with respect payment dividend equivalents) or number shares from Common Stock that would otherwise have been delivered Participant settlement Award) necessary satisfy Participant’s Required Withholding, deliver remaining Participant, unless has made arrangements with for cash, check, other available funds previously owned full Withholding by 5:00 p.m. Central Standard Time on date is included in Participant. based Fair Market Value prior inclusion.
The interest rate of any loan described herein must not be in excess a reasonable interest. In determining what is interest, all relevant factors will considered including the amount and duration loan, security guarantee (if any) involved, credit standing Plan Trust Fund guarantor any), prevailing for comparable loans. A variable permissible if determined to reasonable.
Buyer is a Delaware limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of State has full power authority to carry on its business as now being conducted. Parent corporation corporate Each Party qualified or licensed do each jurisdiction which nature ownership leasing properties makes such qualification licensing necessary, except jurisdictions where failure be so would not prevent materially delay consummation transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Each notice, request or other communication given to any party hereunder shall be in accordance with Section 13.01 of the Indenture, and case such a Grantor than Company, it care Company. The Sellers will deliver certificates representing the Company Interests and registered in name of Purchaser, Purchaser a certificate Exchange Shares Sellers. Subject to satisfaction conditions set forth Article VI , time date such deliveries shall be on at place specified by parties (the “ Closing ”).
The Employers agree to indemnify the Employee in his capacity as an officer of and, extent he serves with approval a representative, or Board member any community organization financial services industry association similar entity, set forth Charter By-laws each Employers, amended from time time; provided, however, that terms such indemnification shall be no less favorable than those date this Agreement.
During the Term, Employee agrees to devote his: (a) full business time, attention and energies of Company; (b) reasonable, good faith efforts, skills abilities faithfully perform such duties as are customary appropriate in his capacity President set forth Section 2.3 above, each case best ability. will have all power authority reasonably required enable him discharge an effective manner, including bind Company. comply with Company Policies performance hereunder.
This agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of state new york. The Loan and Security Agreement any all other documents executed in connection with the Agreement, including, without limitation, Amendments thereto, shall hereinafter be collectively referred to as "Loan Documents". Capitalized terms used herein recitals hereto, but not defined or therein, have meaning given them Documents.
This Agreement may not be altered, amended, or modified except by a written instrument executed on behalf of CEOC and the Required Preferred Backstop Investors, provided that if any alteration, amendment modification could adverse to such Investor’s consent shall required. become binding only after same is signed delivered each parties hereto.
With respect to each Plan, the Borrower and all ERISA Affiliates have paid required minimum contributions installments on or before due dates provided under Section 430(j) of Code could not reasonably be subject a lien 430(k) Title IV ERISA. Neither nor any Affiliate has filed, pursuant 412(c) 302(c) ERISA, an application for waiver funding standard. No Event occurred is expected occur that, when taken together with other such Events which liability occur, result in Material Adverse Effect.
The Originator will duly pay and discharge, cause each of its Subsidiaries to all material taxes, rates, assessments, fees governmental charges upon or against the such Subsidiary their respective property, in case before same becomes delinquent penalties accrue thereon, unless extent that (i) is being contested good faith by appropriate proceedings adequate reserves under GAAP are provided therefor (ii) would not reasonably be expected give rise an Adverse Claim permitted Section 5.02 .
Each party, in connection with its performance under this Agreement, will comply all Applicable Laws. If any provision hereof is determined to be illegal or unenforceable for reason, the remaining provisions shall not affected thereby. Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants that each of this Amendment the Credit Agreement Security as amended is legal, valid binding obligation such enforceable against in accordance with its terms.
I acknowledge that am not relying on any promises or representations by the Company of its agents, representatives attorneys regarding subject matter addressed in this Release. Release constitutes entire agreement between and me supersedes previous agreements understandings Company, except Retention Agreement, Indemnification Restrictive Covenant Insider Trading Policy, equity award plans to which they are subject, other obligations specifically preserved
(a) Such Grantor will not (and affirmatively permit any licensee or sublicensee thereof to) do act, omit to whereby material Intellectual Property owned by such may become forfeited, abandoned dedicated the public, except extent that determines in its reasonable business judgment maintenance is no longer necessary conduct of Grantor’s business. Each shall take all commercially steps which it (or during continuation an Event Default, Administrative Agent) deems and appropriate under circumstances preserve protect each item Property, including, without limitation, maintaining quality products services used provided connection with Trademarks, consistent as date hereof, taking ensure licensed users Trademarks use standards quality.
The non-vested portion of a Participant’s Accrued Benefit shall be treated as forfeiture when the Participant or his her spouse (or surviving spouse) receives distribution present value vested Benefit, pursuant to Section 8.02, and service attributable such disregarded provided in 8.07. For purposes this Section, if is zero, deemed have received Benefit.
No amendment to this Agreement shall be binding on any of the parties hereto unless such is in writing and executed by party against whom enforcement sought. If any provision herein is or should become inconsistent with present future law, rule regulation of sovereign government regulatory body having jurisdiction over the subject matter this Agreement, such shall be deemed to rescinded modified in accordance regulation. In all other respects, Agreement continue remain full force and effect.
All notices or other communications by a participant to the Company under in connection with this Plan shall be deemed have been duly given when received form specified at location, person, designated for receipt thereof. All Registration Expenses incurred in connection with any Shelf under Section 2 shall be borne by the Company, whether or not registration statement related thereto becomes effective.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers recognized financial responsibility against such losses risks in amounts as management the believes to be prudent customary businesses which engaged. Neither nor any Subsidiary has been refused insurance coverage sought or applied for, neither reason believe that it will unable renew existing when expires obtain similar from may necessary continue business at a cost would not have Material Adverse Effect.
This Lease, the parties’ obligations hereunder, and any disputes hereunder shall be governed by interpreted construed in accordance with federal law (to extent applicable) laws of Tribe, provided that nothing herein deemed to modify provisions sections 11 15 this and, required supplement applicable tribal law, substantive State Connecticut (excepting its choice rules).
As of the Agreement Date, Part I Schedule 6.1.(f) sets forth all real property owned or leased by Parent, Borrower, each other Loan Party and Subsidiary. Each such Person has good, marketable legal title to, a valid leasehold interest in, its respective assets. there are no Liens against any assets Subsidiary except for Permitted Liens, including, without limitation, those in existence as Date set II 6.1.(f).
After giving effect to the Confirmation Order and Prepackaged Plan, there are no actions, suits, investigations or proceedings by before any arbitrator Governmental Authority pending against or, knowledge of Borrower, threatened in writing affecting Borrower Restricted Subsidiary their respective Properties (i) that could reasonably be expected, individually aggregate, result a Material Adverse Effect (ii) involve Loan Document Transactions.
The Borrower shall have no Subsidiaries other than Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries. not, and not permit its to, create or acquire any additional Subsidiary (or designate an E&P to longer be Subsidiary) unless the gives written notice Administrative Agent of such creation acquisition complies with Section 1.06, 8.14(b) 8.17. Unless permitted by 9.12, sell, assign otherwise dispose Equity Interests in Foreign
The failure of any Party to require strict performance by other provision in this Agreement will not waive or diminish that Party’s right demand thereafter hereof. This Amendment may be executed and delivered in any number of counterparts, each which so shall deemed to an original all constitute one the same instrument.
The representations and warranties made by the Company in Section 3 hereof shall be true correct all material respects as of such Closing with same force effect if they had been Closing, have performed obligations conditions herein required to or observed it on prior Closing. If any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed invalid or unenforceable as written, construed, to the greatest extent possible, modified, allowable by law, in a manner which render it valid and enforceable. No invalidity unenforceability contained herein affect other portion .
No statement, information, report, representation, or warranty made by Debtor in the Loan Documents furnished to Lender connection with any of transactions contemplated hereby contains untrue statement a material fact omits state necessary make statements herein therein not misleading. There is no known which could reasonably be expected have Material Adverse Effect that has been disclosed writing Lender.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to contrary, all payments under will be subject reduction for applicable tax withholdings and legally or contractually required withholdings. To extent that amounts credited are includable in “wages” purposes Chapter 21 Code, otherwise taxable income, prior distribution Company may deduct withholding with respect wages income from compensation currently payable Participant, Committee its designee reduce Participant’s Accounts require Participant make arrangements satisfactory satisfaction Company’s obligations.
Neither the Company nor Executive may make any assignment of this Agreement or interest herein, by operation law otherwise, without prior written consent other; provided , however that assign its rights and obligations under in event is transferred to a position with Affiliates shall hereafter effect reorganization, consolidate with, merge into, Person transfer all substantially properties assets Person. This inure benefit be binding upon Executive, their respective successors, executors, administrators, heirs permitted assigns.
EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE ACTION BASED UPON ARISING OUT THIS AGREEMENT THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF. SCOPE WAIVER IS INTENDED BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY FILED IN COURT RELATE AGREEMENT, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OTHER COMMON LAW STATUTORY CLAIMS.
The Investor shall have all rights and remedies set forth in this Agreement the Registration Rights which such holders been granted at any time under other agreement or contract of has by law. Any person having provision be entitled to enforce specifically (without posting a bond security), recover damages reason default breach Agreement, including recovery reasonable attorney’s fees costs, exercise NEITHER PARTY NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, BREACH STATUTORY DUTY OR OTHERWISE FOR SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT PUNITIVE DAMAGES LOSS PROFITS SUFFERED BY THE OTHER PARTY.
On and subject to the terms of Purchase Agreement, (a) Seller hereby sells, assigns, grants, conveys transfers Buyer all Seller’s right, title interest in, under Purchased Assets (b) assigns Assumed Liabilities. This Agreement shall be effective commencing on the Effective Date and continue, subject to Sections 4.2 4.3, until date that is later of (1) expiration or invalidation last remaining Licensed Patent in Mexico covering Products (2) Brazil Dermatological Products.
A Lender that is a Non-Funding pursuant to clause (a) of the definition shall not earn and be entitled receive, Borrower required pay, such Lender’s portion Unused Commitment Fee during time thereof. In event any reallocation Letter Credit Obligations occurs subsection 1.11(e)(ii) , period remains in effect, payable with respect reallocated (A) all Revolving Lenders based on their pro rata share or (B) L/C Issuer for remaining other Lenders.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower Administrative Agent, sell participations to Person (other than a natural (or holding company, investment vehicle trust for, owned and operated for primary benefit Person), Borrower’s Affiliates Subsidiaries) (each, “ Participant ”) in all portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitments Loans owing it); provided that (i) shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto performance (iii) Borrowers, LC Issuer, Lenders continue deal directly with connection Agreement. For avoidance doubt, each be indemnity Section 14.3(c) respect payments made by Participant(s).
This Guaranty shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of United States America State Texas, U.S.A. (without regard to, without giving effect their conflict rules). Each Grantor covenants and agrees that it shall perform all in this Section 4.04(b)(ii) . Subject to the other terms hereof, Parties agree execute and deliver such instruments perform acts, in addition matters herein specified, as may be commercially reasonably appropriate or necessary, from time time, effectuate Restructuring Transactions accordance with this Agreement.
Except as set forth above in Section 21 (d), any dispute, claim, or controversy arising from related to this Agreement shall be submitted the exclusive jurisdiction of Supreme Court British Columbia. The parties hereby expressly consent forum selection and waive all jurisdictional defenses, including, without limitation, defense non conveniens .
Executive shall serve as President and CEO for the Bank. independently perform such duties are usual customary position of other work Board assign. The Buyer is duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of jurisdiction its organization. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts.
As an employee of the Company, you will also be eligible to participate in such life insurance, hospitalization, major medical and other health benefits generally offered by Company its employees your general job classification level. This presently includes participation Company's dental insurance plans, however, these benefit programs are subject termination or modification from time-to-time. You for a $1,000 per month car allowance Company’s 401K plan, terms.
Each and every right granted to Securities Intermediary hereunder or under any other document delivered in connection herewith, allowed it by law equity, shall be cumulative may exercised from time time. No failure on the part of exercise, no delay exercising, will operate as a waiver thereof, nor single partial exercise preclude future thereof right.
Without the consent of holders a majority (by principal) any Notes then outstanding, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed ,denied, or conditioned, Company neither, and permit Subsidiary to, create acquire additional nor sell, assign otherwise dispose Equity Interests in to Person. Neither have foreign Subsidiaries. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions prevent breaches enforce specifically performance provisions hereof, addition other remedy which they are at Law equity.
Subject to 3.1(g), the Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers buy otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined Section 2 Securities Act) that would be integrated with purposes rules and regulations Trading Market such it require shareholder approval prior closing other transaction unless is obtained before subsequent transaction.
I f one or mo r e of the p ovisions in this A g m nt a d ee ed void b y l aw , th n t h re ining w ill c o ntinue ull rc nd fec t. If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision this Agreement is illegal or unenforceable and such provisions cannot be modified to enforceable, then will immediately become null void, leaving the remainder in full force effect.
Each Co-Borrower and each Subsidiary owns possesses or has a license other right to use all patents, patent rights, trademarks, trademark trade names, name service marks, mark rights copyrights as are necessary for the conduct of businesses Co-Borrowers Subsidiaries, without any infringement upon others which could reasonably be expected have Material Adverse Effect.
The Company has filed with the SEC its audited balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 (the “ Statement Date ”), and statements income cash flows for year ending on (together, Audited Financial Statements unaudited March 2016, quarter ended 2016 Unaudited ”). Statements, together notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance generally accepted accounting principles United States, consistently applied throughout periods indicated, subject case to normal year-end adjustments, present fairly all material respects financial condition position results operation or applicable, indicated.
Each Borrower shall not, and not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into arrangement, directly or indirectly, with Person whereby it sell transfer Property, whether now owned hereafter acquired, thereafter rent lease such Property which intends to use for substantially the same purpose purposes as being sold transferred. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Grantee ceases to be a Service Provider during Performance Period as result of Grantee’s death, Units shall immediately become fully vested based on Target number set forth in “Number Award” Section I.
This Agreement has been, and each of the Rights Agreements, when delivered hereunder, will have duly executed by Company. constitutes, Agreements so constitute, a legal, valid binding obligation Company, enforceable against Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, examinership, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting enforcement creditors’ rights generally.
The employment of the Executive under this Agreement shall be for Term. Following initial Term, Term extended successive one-year periods as each Renewal Date unless, with respect to any such Date, (a) Company gives at least three months’ prior written notice an election not extend or (b) twelve Except as provided in Section 1.3(b), the Daily Balance of Advances will bear interest at a variable per annum rate equal to Three Month LIBOR plus 3.50%.
During the Employment Term, Company shall pay Executive a base salary at annual rate of $440,000, payable in regular installments accordance with Company’s normal payroll practices. The be entitled to such increases Executive’s salary, if any, as may determined from time sole discretion board directors (the “ Board ”) (or committee Board), which review on basis no less frequent than annually. effect time, is hereinafter referred Base Salary .” reduced, subject limitations Good Reason definition provided for Section 7(c)(ii)(A) this Agreement.
To the extent required by applicable Federal, state, local or foreign law, Participant his successor shall make arrangements satisfactory to Corporation, in its discretion, for satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations that arise connection with an Award. The Corporation not be issue Shares other payment under Plan until such are satisfied.
Service Recipient will, for each performed, reimburse Provider any reasonable documented out-of-pocket expenses payable to Third Parties which are incurred by or its Affiliates in connection with Provider’s provision of such (“ Expenses ”); provided that the will not include allocation corporate overhead similar performance Services. Within ten (10) days after end calendar month during Term, provide a report detailing previous month. In addition, advance written notice single Expense series related expected be excess $25,000.
Each party will comply in all material respects with applicable laws, rules, and regulations fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of all parties and, extent permitted by this Agreement, their successors, legal representatives assigns. The Plan shall be effective as of May 16, 2016 (the “ Effective Date ”).
Any notices or communications required in this Agreement permitted to be given shall writing and delivered personally, by a recognized courier service, overnight delivery facsimile registered certified mail, postage prepaid, at the applicable address number indicated on signature pages hereto (or such other as provided parties from time accordance with Section 4.2 ) any notice deemed have been received day it is personally service sent or, if mailed, when actually received.
No Person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by Transaction Documents, any valid right, interest or claim against upon Company, Subsidiary an Investor for commission, fee other compensation pursuant to agreement, arrangement understanding entered into on behalf Company than Garden State Securities, Inc., which receive cash 10% and warrants equal securities issued in Offering (on converted basis).
Executive and the Company agree acknowledge that limitations as to time, geographical area scope of activity be restrained set forth in Section 7.2 hereof are reasonable do not impose any greater restraint than is necessary protect legitimate business interests Company. also money damages would sufficient remedy for breach Article VI or this VII by Executive, its affiliates shall entitled enforce provisions seeking a court competent jurisdiction specific performance injunctive relief remedies such threatened breach. Such deemed exclusive but addition all available at law equity, including recovery from Executive’s agents.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Administrative Agent an Assignment Assumption, together with a processing recordation fee of $4,500 ($7,500 if such Lender is Defaulting as time) for assignment, assignee, it not Lender, Questionnaire. If requested by transferor or Eligible Assignee, upon consummation any Borrower make appropriate arrangements so that new Notes are issued Assignee appropriate. In no event subject other Loan Party fees, costs expenses.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Administrative Agent an Assignment Assumption, together with a processing recordation fee in amount of $3,500, unless, case fee, such is Lender or Affiliate Approved Fund Agent, its sole discretion, elects waive fee. assignee, if it not Lender, Questionnaire. Each of the parties hereto shall execute and provide all additional documents other assurances that are reasonably necessary to carry out give effect intent reflected in this Agreement.
This Award Agreement and the Plan constitute entire agreement between Awardee Company regarding SUAs. Any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning these SUAs are superseded. may be amended only by written of Company, without consent any other person. agrees not to rely on oral information this materials identified in Section 19.
This Agreement may not be transferred or assigned, in whole part, by either party without the prior written consent of other being first obtained. Each capitalized term which is defined in the Credit Agreement, but not this Seventh Amendment, shall have meaning ascribed such Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, all article, section and exhibit references Amendment refer to articles, sections exhibits of
All remedies under this Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive of any other provided by applicable law. The parties agree acknowledge that money damages may be an adequate remedy for breach a party the provisions in its sole discretion apply to court law or equity competent jurisdiction (without posting bond security) specific performance injunctive relief enforce prevent violation Agreement.
If any Incremental Commitments are added in accordance with this Section 2.16 , the Administrative Agent and Borrower shall determine effective date (each, an “ Effective Date ”) final allocation thereof. The promptly notify Borrower, existing Lenders of such addition Date. Each party’s obligations under this Section 2.8 shall survive any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender and repayment, satisfaction discharge all Loan Document.
Each of the Priority Lien Agent, Second Collateral Trustee and Third represents warrants to other parties hereto that it is authorized under Credit Agreement, Trust Agreement as case may be, enter into this Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein which are defined in this Section 1 have the respective meanings assigned hereto 1. All other capitalized but not Agreement shall given to them Plan.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section 3.2, any expenditures or commitments by Consultant in anticipation requirements Company are at Consultant’s sole risk and expense. The shall not reimburse for expenses incurred performance Services otherwise, unless has approved writing reimbursement such expenses. Any be reimbursed within thirty (30) days after presents with documentation acceptable accordance Company’s travel business expense policies as they may exist amended from time time.
The businesses of each the Company and Subsidiaries have not been, are being, conducted in violation any Laws, except for violations that, individually or aggregate, would reasonably be expected to material. Except with respect routine examinations patent, trademark copyright applications filed U.S. non-U.S. patent offices, no investigation review by Governmental Entity is pending or, knowledge Company, threatened, nor has indicated an intention conduct same . To material change required Company’s Subsidiaries’ processes, properties procedures connection such received notice communication noncompliance Laws that been cured as date hereof.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will deemed an original, and all together to the same instrument. Signatures this transmitted by facsimile transmission, electronic mail portable document format (.pdf) form, any other means intended preserve originals graphic pictorial appearance a document, have effect as physical delivery paper bearing original signatures, shall signatures both Parties.
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to limit the Company or any Noteholder from making such disclosures as may required by law. As of each Advance Date, after giving effect to made on such the Borrower is and will be Solvent able pay its debts as they come due, have adequate capital conduct business.
The headings inserted in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not be employed the interpretation of Agreement. If the Participant remains continuously employed by Company or a Subsidiary through each Vesting Date set forth in Notice of Grant, Restricted Stock Units shall vest (it being understood that cumulatively) and electronically register one share Common Participant’s name for vested Unit.
In order to receive amounts payable under Section 2 hereof, Executive must execute a timely and effective release of claims in the form attached hereto marked Exhibit A (the "Release Claims"), no will be hereof until Release Claims is effective. addition, maintain ongoing compliance with all his obligations this Agreement Severance Agreement. The creates legally binding Company therefore advises consult an attorney before signing it.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OBLIGOR AND LENDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT A TRIAL JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED UPON CONTRACT, TORT, OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF RELATING LOAN DOCUMENTS TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY ACTIONS NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, ENFORCEMENT THEREOF. (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER (B) ACKNOWLEDGES DEBTOR BEEN INDUCED EXECUTE THIS NOTE BY, AMONG THINGS, WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
Sharp agrees not to disparage the Company or its officers, directors, employees, shareholders agents, in any manner likely be harmful them their business, business relationships personal reputations. shall respond accurately and fully questions, inquiry request for information when required by legal process, notwithstanding foregoing. will report CEO defamatory comments made about him individual employee agent, take reasonable measures cease such communications.
Each Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of state federal courts State New York sitting in County United States District Court Southern borough Manhattan, any appellate court from thereof, action or proceeding arising out relating this Guaranty other Loan Document, recognition enforcement judgment, each parties hereto agrees that all claims respect such may be heard determined or, fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, court. a final judgment shall conclusive enforced jurisdictions suit on manner provided law. Nothing Document affect right Administrative Agent Secured Party otherwise have bring against properties jurisdiction.
You will serve as Non-Executive Chairman until either you or the Board of Directors (the “ ”) provides written notice your termination from such position if leave for any reason Term ”). The issuance of Shares will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance by the Company you with all applicable state federal laws regulations requirements any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which Company’s Common Stock may listed quoted at time such transfer.
The Company shall be entitled to require a cash payment by or on behalf of the Participant and/or deduct from Shares otherwise issuable hereunder other compensation payable any sums required federal, state local tax law withheld satisfy applicable payroll deductions with respect RSU. This AGREEMENT may be signed in counterparts and said shall treated as though one document.
The terms of this Agreement, collectively with the Offer Letter, Confidentiality Agreement between Company and Executive entered into on or about date herewith (the “Confidentiality Agreement” ), Indemnification is intended by Parties to be final expression their agreement respect employment supersede all prior understandings agreements (but not Agreement), whether written oral. parties further intend that shall constitute complete exclusive statement no extrinsic evidence whatsoever may introduced in any judicial, administrative, other legal proceeding vary Agreement.
(a) To the extent not prohibited by applicable Legal Requirements, Indemnified Parties may enforce obligations of Borrower without first resorting to or exhausting any security collateral having recourse Note, Loan Agreement other Documents, through foreclosure proceedings otherwise. Except as expressly set forth herein, it is necessary for an Event Default have occurred pursuant and defined in Party exercise its rights this Agreement. Indemnitor hereby acknowledges agrees that fully personally liable thereunder, liability hereunder limited original amortized principal balance value Property.
This Agreement, together with the exhibits attached hereto or incorporated herein by reference, constitutes entire agreement between Parties relating to this subject matter and supersedes all prior simultaneous representations, discussions, negotiations, agreements, whether written oral. Agreement may be amended modified only consent of Executive Board. No oral waiver, amendment modification will effective under any circumstances whatsoever.
No later than the Delivery Date, if applicable, Grantee will pay, or otherwise provide for to satisfaction of Artisan, any applicable federal, state and local tax social security withholding obligations Artisan. To extent permitted by law, may payment taxes requesting that Artisan retain Shares with a Fair Market Value (determined as Date) equal statutory minimum amount required be withheld. In such case, issue net number deducting retained from issued. If shall fail make satisfy obligations, shall, have right (but not obligation) deduct kind due (including delivery hereunder) respect RSUs.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute one and the same instrument. In event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission e-mail delivery a “.pdf” format data file, such create valid binding obligation party executing (or on whose behalf executed) with force effect as if page were original thereof.
The headings are used herein for convenience of reference only, and shall not be deemed to vary the content this Agreement. Borrower may not assign this Note without the prior written consent of Lender. This be offered, sold, assigned, pledged, encumbered or transferred by Lender Borrower. Executive’s initial annual base salary will be $550,000, less applicable withholdings and deductions, payable according to UnitedHealth Group’s regular payroll schedule. Periodic adjustments may made in sole discretion.
Should a court of competent jurisdiction determine that any section or sub-section this letter agreement is unenforceable because one all them are vague overly broad, the parties agree may and shall be enforced to maximum extent permitted by law. It intent each separate distinct promise unenforceability subsection have no effect on enforceability another.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such in Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of State New York any applicable law United States America. The terms conditions Section 19.3 Loan are hereby incorporated herein by this reference, with same force effect as if set forth their entirety.
THE BORROWER, AGCO, ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF RELATING LOAN DOCUMENTS, TERM ACTIONS NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE ENFORCEMENT THEREOF. The Parties agree that Brixmor’s obligations under Section 8(b) of the Employment Agreement will continue beyond Separation Date and is incorporated herein as if fully set forth herein.
It has the requisite power and authority to enter into each of Transaction Agreements which it is a party, perform its obligations thereunder. Each party (i) been duly authorized, (ii) executed delivered by (iii) valid binding agreement it, enforceable against in accordance with terms, subject bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium similar Laws affecting creditors' rights generally qualification that equitable remedies may be granted discretion court competent jurisdiction.
Such Originator will comply with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations, non-compliance which would have a Material Adverse Effect. In addition, without limiting foregoing sentence, each Seller Parties (i) ensure, cause its Subsidiaries (if any) to that no Person who owns controlling interest in or otherwise controls such is shall be Sanctioned Person, (ii) not use permit proceeds any Receivable violate foreign asset control regulations OFAC enabling statute Executive Order relating thereto, (iii) comply, Subsidiary all Anti-Terrorism Laws.
Borrower represents and warrants to Lender that the execution, delivery, performance by of Loan Documents have been duly authorized all necessary action on part do not contravene Borrower's Organizational Documents, any provision of, or constitute a default under, material indenture, mortgage, contract, other instrument which is party it bound, upon execution delivery thereof, will legal, valid, binding agreements obligations Borrower, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.
The Company shall at all times during the term of this Option reserve and keep available such number Shares as will be sufficient to satisfy requirements Incentive Plan Award Agreement. This Agreement binding in respects on Participant’s heirs, representatives, successors assigns. is entered into under laws State Minnesota construed interpreted thereunder.
Capitalized terms that are used herein shall have the meanings given such in this Amendment and Waiver Agreement or Collective Agreements, as applicable. The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provision of 10.02(e) shall survive resignation Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer, Swing Line Lender replacement Lender, termination Commitments repayment, satisfaction or discharge all other Obligations.
The division of this Agreement into Articles, Sections and other subdivisions the insertion headings are for convenience reference only shall not affect or be utilized in construing interpreting Agreement. All references to any “Article”, “Section” subdivision corresponding Article, Section unless otherwise specified. The Issuer has good title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, (i) all Collateral owned by it and (ii) of its property that is essential to business as conducted on the Initial Issue Date Additional Date, applicable, none such other subject any Lien except contemplated Security Documents.
This Agreement may not be assigned by the Company (whether operation of law or otherwise) without prior written consent Required Purchasers, provided, however, that in event is a party to merger, consolidation, share exchange similar business combination transaction which Common Stock converted into equity securities another Person, from and after effective time such transaction, Person shall, virtue deemed have assumed obligations hereunder, term “Company” shall refer “Registrable Securities” include received Purchasers connection with unless are otherwise freely tradable giving effect transaction.
The Company shall reimburse the Shareholder Group for its reasonable, documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including legal expenses) incurred in connection with negotiation execution of this Agreement, provided that such reimbursement not exceed $60,000 aggregate. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed enforced in accordance with the laws of Texas applicable to agreement made performed therein.
The headings of the Sections this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof affect construction or interpretation Agreement. The Maker hereby waives presentment, demand, notice of nonpayment, protest and all other demands notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance or enforcement this Note.
Any notice or filing required permitted to be given the Company Participant under this Agreement will sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered, sent by registered certified mail, case of Company, principal office directed attention Participant, last known address indicated on employment records Company. Such deemed as date delivery or, is made shown postmark receipt for registration certification. Notices may electronic communication according specifications established
The guarantees made hereunder (a) shall terminate when all of the Guaranteed Obligations have been paid and performed in full, (b) continue to be effective or reinstated, as case may be, if at any time payment, part thereof, Obligation is rescinded must otherwise restored by Lender Guarantor upon bankruptcy reorganization Borrower, otherwise.
If a Participant dies before his Benefit Commencement Date, or if the after Date and entire nonforfeitable interest in Account has been paid to him, remaining shall be to, applied for benefit of, beneficiary accordance with provisions of this Article. In case who on January 1, 2007 while performing Qualified Military Service (as defined Code §414(u)), survivors such entitled any benefit, including but not limited acceleration vesting, that would provided under Plan had resumed employment employer then terminated account death.
Insurance, if any, carried by Sellers on the Condominium Property shall be terminated at Closing, and Purchaser solely responsible for acquiring insurance coverage Property. During the Transition Period and Interim Period, Executive will (i) receive his base salary as in effect on Effective Date (ii) participate Company’s retirement welfare benefit plans, expense reimbursement vacation policies, such programs policies may be from time to (collectively, “ Plans ”).
The Original Senior Lien Agent represents and warrants to each other that it has the requisite power authority under Facility Documents enter into, execute, deliver, carry out terms of this Agreement on behalf itself Creditors. [ ] (1) [Senior/Junior](2) ](1) Each Additional applicable any Creditors represented thereby. A breach of this Agreement (“ Breach ”) shall occur upon the failure by a Party to perform or observe material term condition Agreement. default Default in cure such accordance with Section 21.4.
The Executive understands and agrees that the Executive’s employment creates a relationship of confidence trust between Employers with respect to all Confidential Information. At times, both during after its termination, will keep in such Information, not use or disclose any Information without written consent Employers, except as may be necessary ordinary course performing duties Employers.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force effect until end of Evaluation Period and, if at Period, Abbott is Developing a Candidate or Commercializing Product arising out Research Program, thereafter (a) such time as no longer for use Field Territory (b) if, any Candidates, Product, all Royalty Terms Products Co-Development Co-Developed have ended, unless earlier terminated accordance with provisions this Article 11 (the “ Term ”).
THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS OBLIGATIONS OF PARTIES HERETO SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, LAWS STATE NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT LAW PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD RESULT APPLICATION ANY OTHER THAN YORK. This Agreement survives and continues in full force accordance with its terms notwithstanding the expiration or termination of Employment Period.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws State of New York, without regard to its choice law provisions. Stock Appreciation Rights shall be subject to such terms and conditions as determined from time by the Administrator. The term of a Right may not exceed ten years.
Schedule 9.1.18 attached hereto sets forth (a) a true and complete list of all current policies or binders fire, liability, product umbrella real personal property, workers’ compensation, vehicular, fiduciary liability other casualty property insurance maintained by each Seller REIT Sub relating to the Property (collectively, “Insurance Policies”), (b) with respect Property, pending claims history for duration Sellers’ period ownership. There are no related under any such Insurance Policies as which coverage has been denied. Neither nor received written notice cancellation suspension Policies. True copies certificates have made available Buyer.
Executive agrees to cooperate with the Company, during Term and for two (2) years immediately thereafter, by being reasonably available testify on behalf of Company or any affiliate in action, suit, proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative, assist affiliate, such suit providing information meeting consulting at mutually agreeable times places Board its representatives counsel, counsel as requested; provided that obligation does not unreasonably interfere Executive’s business personal affairs. The reimburse all reasonable expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred connection his provision testimony assistance other cooperation contemplated this Section.
As of the Effective Date, Initial Borrower has no subsidiaries other than those that have been created or acquired in accordance with Financing Documents (or will promptly be) disclosed writing to Administrative Agent. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall deemed to constitute an original the same Agreement, and all together one single agreement, effective upon execution hereof by parties. A complete set counterparts made available party.
Member has the full power and authority to enter into this Agreement carry out its obligations hereunder. This been duly executed by constitutes valid binding obligation of Member, enforceable against in accordance with terms, except as may be limited bankruptcy, moratorium, insolvency or other similar laws generally affecting enforcement creditors’ rights. No consent any third party is necessary order for execute, deliver perform under Agreement.
The Borrower shall not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of any Advance Letters Credit, lend, contribute otherwise make available such to Borrower, Subsidiary other Person for purpose which would result in a violation Sanctions Anti-Corruption Laws by (including participating transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent, Issuing otherwise). Each Account shall be increased or decreased by the Interest credited to such since prior Determination Date as though balance of that had been invested in applicable Valuation Funds chosen Participant.
While Executive is employed by the Company during Employment Term, shall pay to a base salary at annual rate of $400,000 (the “ Base Salary ”), less all legally required and authorized deductions withholdings, in accordance with Company’s normal payroll policies procedures. The may not decrease Executive’s Term unless such part an across-the-board uniformly applied reduction affecting senior executives disproportionately more Executive.
All issues and questions concerning the relative rights obligations of Company Securityholders under this Agreement construction, validity, interpretation enforceability shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, laws State Delaware, without giving effect to any choice law or conflict rules provisions (whether Delaware other jurisdiction) that would cause application jurisdiction than Delaware.
Client is responsible for the payment of all sales, use and excise taxes that are legal obligation in connection with Deliverables (“ Taxes ”). All fees other charges under any Exhibit exclusive Taxes. shall reimburse Fiserv those required to remit on behalf Client. In no event include income, gross receipts, franchise, privilege, occupational, real property or tangible its Affiliates.
The Executive agrees and covenants that he will not at any time make, publish or communicate to person entity in public forum defamatory remarks, comments statements concerning the Company its businesses, of employees, officers, existing prospective customers, suppliers, investors other associated third Parties. This Agreement may be executed, including execution by facsimile or electronically transmitted signature, in multiple counterparts, each of which will deemed an original and all together to one the same instrument.
Buyer is not entering the transactions contemplated hereby with actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud either present future creditors. Immediately after giving effect hereby, Buyer, Buyer’s Subsidiaries and Company will be Solvent have adequate capital carry on their respective businesses in ordinary course. Each party agrees that (i) the terms and provisions of this Amendment are confidential constitute proprietary information parties; (ii) as such, are, shall be, subject to Section 17.19 Standard Lease Provisions TKD Lease.
No party hereto may assign either this Letter Agreement or any of its rights, interests, obligations hereunder without the prior written consent other parties. Any purported assignment in violation paragraph shall be void and ineffectual not operate to transfer interest title assignee. This binding on Sponsor, each Founders their respective successors, heirs, personal representatives assigns permitted transferees.
This Supply Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Buyer and, assuming due execution delivery Manufacturer, constitutes a valid binding obligation, enforceable against in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium other Laws relating to creditors’ rights generally general equitable principles. The execution, performance of this have authorized all necessary action on part respective officers directors.
With respect to the Master Lease, Guarantor warrants that: (a) this Guaranty is executed at Tenant’s request; and (b) has established adequate means of obtaining from each Tenant on a continuing basis financial other information pertaining condition. agrees keep adequately informed such any facts, events or circumstances which might in way affect Guarantor's risks hereunder, further that Landlord shall have no obligation disclose material acquired course Landlord's relationships with Tenant.
The Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs expenses of the Security Agent, Administrative Agent each other Secured Creditor in connection with enforcement this Guaranty protection Creditors’ rights hereunder any amendment, waiver or consent relating hereto (including, case, without limitation, fees disbursements counsel (including in-house counsel) employed by Creditor).
As a material inducement to Buyer enter into this Agreement and consummate the Contemplated Transactions, Seller hereby represents warrants that all of statements contained in Article 5 are true, correct complete as date hereof will be Closing Date (except for representations warranties speak specific date, which shall made such date).
THIS THIRD AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF STATE TEXAS, INCLUDING BOTH MATTERS INTERNAL LAW CONFLICT LAWS. The Administrative Agent shall have received the applicable notice of borrowing, in substantially form attached hereto as Exhibit B , from Borrower. The Additional Grantor agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent for its out-of-pocket expenses in connection with this Assumption Agreement, including fees, other charges and disbursements of counsel Agent.
This Amendment, the Loan Agreement as amended, and other Related Documents are legal, valid binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable aga i nst Borrower in accordance with their respective terms, except enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws general application affecting enforcement creditors' rights principles equity limiting availability equitable remedies.
Subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, term of Consultant’s engagement hereunder (hereinafter referred as “ Consultation Period ”) shall commence on Effective Date continue for a period nine (9) months; provided that, Company Consultant may mutually agree, in writing, extend beyond initial month term. Sections 6 and 7 of this Agreement shall survive the termination Agreement.
Subject to the provisions of Section 2.05(b), (i) for each day during period from Closing Date until February 4, 2016, principal amount Loan shall bear interest at per annum rate equal Alternate Rate established such plus Margin then in effect, and (ii) beginning on 2016 continuing thereafter, an Interest Period, Eurodollar Period effect.
This Agreement together with the License and Operating (the “ Transaction Documents ”), other documents, exhibits schedules referred to herein therein, constitute entire agreement between parties hereto pertaining subject matter hereof, supersede any all prior oral written, contemporaneous oral, agreements or understandings thereto. There are no agreements, understandings, restrictions, warranties representations relating such among than those set forth herein, in therein.
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in Note. The Assignor and the Assignee each hereby agree to execute deliver such other instruments, take action, as either party may reasonably request in connection with transactions contemplated by this Assignment Acceptance, including delivery of any notices or documents instruments Borrower Administrative Agent, which be required assignment acceptance hereby.
If any part of this Agreement is held to be void or unenforceable by court under law, that shall deemed stricken and all remaining provisions continue valid binding upon the Parties. On or prior to the Restatement Effective Closing Date, Administrative Agent shall have received true and correct copies of historical financial statements, pro forma statements Projections referred in Sections 6.05(a), (c) (d) , which be form substance reasonably satisfactory .
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, at Closing (as defined in Section 1 ), Seller shall sell, transfer assign Buyer, Buyer purchase from Seller, all of Seller’ right, title interest Shares. The price for Shares Indebtedness be an aggregate Fifty Thousand U.S. Dollars ($50,000.00) (the “ Purchase Price ”), which $40,000.00 allocated $10,000.00 Indebtedness.
The Borrower shall pay all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent incurred in connection with preparation, execution and delivery this Amendment other instruments documents to be delivered hereunder, if any (including fees, disbursements charges Cahill Gordon & Reindel LLP , counsel for Agent). The Parent Borrower and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole), both before after giving effect to any Credit Extensions, are Solvent.
All representations and warranties made hereunder in any other Loan Paper or document delivered pursuant hereto thereto connection herewith therewith shall survive the execution delivery hereof thereof. Such have been will be relied upon by Administrative Agent each Lender, regardless of investigation Lender on their behalf notwithstanding that may had notice knowledge Default Potential at time L/C Credit Extension, continue full force effect as long Obligation remain unpaid unsatisfied outstanding.
The Executive is hereby employed on the Effective Date as Group Vice President Legal Affairs, General Counsel and Secretary of Board. In his capacity Counsel, shall have duties, responsibilities authority commensurate with such position be assigned to him by Chief Officer Company he report directly Company. principal work place for Metropolitan Detroit Area Michigan, USA, will spend a working week per month in Company’s headquarters Sweden has agreed additional time there required connection financial reporting periods.
If the amount of Losses for any Fiscal Year that otherwise would be allocated to a Partner under Section 6.1(a) or this 6.1(b) cause increase an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit such as last day (after all other allocations have been made pursuant 6), then shall which does not Deficit, and remainder Partners in proportion their Percentage Interests.
Each party agrees to hold and keep the information in this Agreement confidential will not disclose any of such manner whatsoever, except as may otherwise be required by applicable law. Scientists at ImmunoGen and Biotest shall cooperate in the performance of Research Program and, subject to terms this Agreement any confidentiality obligations Third Parties, exchange such data, information materials as is reasonably necessary for other Party perform its under Plan.
This Agreement supersedes any and all other prior understandings agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to subject matter hereof constitute sole only agreements said matter. All negotiations are merged into this Agreement. Each party acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, orally otherwise, have been made by anyone acting on behalf of party, which not embodied agreement, statement promise is contained shall be valid binding force effect.
The Proprietary Inventions and Assignment Agreement the Company's Executive's responsibilities under Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13, 14, 15 16 will survive termination of this Agreement. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in Plan. Whenever following are used this Agreement, they set forth below.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of parties hereto and supersedes in their entirety all prior or contemporaneous representations, understandings, undertakings agreements (whether oral written whether expressed implied) with respect to subject matter hereof, including, without limitation, any severance provisions provided under Prior Severance Plan contained Participation Agreement. Executive acknowledges agrees that this encompasses rights payments and/or benefits based on termination Executive’s employment hereby he she has no such except as stated herein. No waiver, alteration, modification will be binding unless writing signed by duly authorized representatives which specifically mention
The parties to this Agreement each hereby waives, the fullest extent permitted by law, any right trial jury of claim, demand, action, or cause action (i) arising under (ii) in way connected with related incidental dealings hereto respect transactions hereto, case whether now existing hereafter arising, and contract, tort, equity, otherwise. agrees consents that such shall be decided court without a may file an original counterpart copy as written evidence consent waiver their jury.
All representations and warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement shall be true correct all material respects on as the Closing Date with same force effect though made such date. This Limited Waiver and the PSA (as may be amended from time to in accordance with its terms) represent entire understanding of parties hereto respect matters covered herein therein. only amended, modified or supplemented by an agreement writing signed each party hereto.
Subject to the terms herein, either party may terminate Executive’s employment at any time; provided that Executive will be required provide Company least ninety (90) days’ advance written notice of voluntary resignation and termination by without Cause (defined below). The Termination Date shall date stated in termination. Upon employment, pay (i) unpaid Base Salary accrued through Date, (ii) vacation which is entitled as a matter law or policy, (iii) unreimbursed expenses properly incurred prior (the “ Accrued Obligations ”).
The Borrower shall have paid to the Agent on Third Amendment Effective Date (i) for account of each Lender, a consent fee equal sum (A) 0.15% such Lender’s Commitment immediately prior effectiveness this and (B) 0.35% Increased Amount (ii) all reasonable documented fees, out-of-pocket costs expenses incurred in connection with Amendment, any other documents prepared herewith transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, charges disbursements Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel Agent.
(a) The Loans comprising ABR Borrowings shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus Applicable Rate. This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and continue for a term of twelve (12) months (the “ Initial Term ”) or until Manager is terminated pursuant to Section 11 this Agreement. For avoidance doubt, be automatically extended additional month periods unless either party terminates .
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of State California. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, this MOU embodies the complete agreement and understanding among Parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof supersedes preempts any prior understandings, agreements or representations by Parties, written oral, which may have related in way.
The PLAN ADMINISTRATOR shall be deemed to have delegated its duties and powers for determining benefits, eligibility benefits and/or other operations a third party administrator, insurer or person where such has been appointed by the delegate make determinations. In case, as set forth in this document. Any action of exercise same force effect all purposes hereunder if had taken afforded deference arbitrary capricious level review ADMINISTRATOR.
No Event of Default or Unmatured shall have occurred and be continuing either before immediately after giving effect to this Amendment. The Company agrees to pay the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in amounts and at times separately agreed upon between Agent. All hereunder shall be paid on dates due, immediately available funds, Agent not refundable under any circumstances.
In consideration for all services rendered by Executive during the term of this Agreement, Employer shall pay an annual base salary (before customary and proper payroll deductions) $253,148 as adjusted from time to (“Base Salary”). The Board Directors review Executive’s each year, in a manner consistent with that used management employees Employer, its sole discretion may adjust such commensurate performance under Agreement.
ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and includes applicable DOL regulations. THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF STATE NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO CONFLICTS PRINCIPLES THEREOF, BUT INCLUDING SECTION 5-1401 YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW, EXTENT APPLICABLE, BANKRUPTCY CODE.
Initially capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed thereto Incentive Plan. The Trustee will be indemnified and saved harmless from against any all liability to which the Trustees may subjected, including expenses reasonably incurred in its defense, for action or failure act resulting compliance with instructions of Sponsoring Employer, employees agents Administrator, other fiduciary Plan, arising actions non-actions predecessor Plan.
The Company has good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by it personal that is material the business of Company, each case free clear liens, encumbrances defects (“ Liens ”), except for (i) mortgage loans used purchase (ii) as do not materially affect value such interfere with use made proposed be (iii) payment federal, state or other taxes, which neither delinquent nor subject penalties. Any facilities held under lease are valid, subsisting enforceable leases compliance exceptions buildings Company.
All points and fees related to the Mortgage Loan were disclosed in writing Mortgagor accordance with applicable state federal law regulation. The such (other than a Bond - 1st Lien Permitted Non-Qualified Loan) did not exceed 3% of total loan amount (or other limits for lower balance Mortgages) as specified under 12 CFR 1026.43(e)(3), calculated using calculation required qualified mortgages 1026.32(b) determine compliance requirements.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR EXTENDS WARRANTIES OF KIND, EITHER EXPRESS IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT SUBJECT MATTER PRODUCTS SERVICES RENDERED HEREUNDER, TECHNOLOGY, MATERIALS INFORMATION THAT MAY BE PROVIDED HEREUNDER USED SUCH INCORPORATED INTO PRODUCTS.
The Secured Party shall not by any act (except a written instrument pursuant to Section 14 ), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise be deemed have waived right remedy hereunder acquiesced in Default Event of Default. All rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative exclusive law. As of the date hereof, representations and warranties in Loan Agreement as amended Related Documents are true correct though made on such date, except where a different is specifically indicated.
Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to effective and valid under applicable Law, but if any or the application Person circumstance held prohibited by, illegal unenforceable law rule respect by a court competent jurisdiction, ineffective only extent prohibition, illegality unenforceability, without invalidating remainder remaining provisions Agreement.
This Agreement and the other Loan Documents, unless expressly set forth therein, shall be governed by, construed enforced in accordance with, law of State New York, without reference to conflicts or choice principles thereof (other than York General Obligations Law Section 5-1401). This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of State Nevada, without giving effect to conflict principles thereof.
This Agreement, together with the exhibit attached hereto and as same may be amended from time to in accordance terms hereof, contains entire agreement among parties relating subject matter hereof there are no other or further agreements outstanding not specifically mentioned herein. Notwithstanding anything herein contrary, engagement letter entered into by between Company Dealer-Manager, dated June 23, 2016, (the “ Engagement Letter ”), shall continue effective term therein survive enforceable thereto, its terms.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined Section 2 the Securities Act) that would be integrated with Purchasers a manner require registration under Act purposes rules and regulations Trading Market. Any notice or communication mailed to the Warrantholders shall be each Warrantholder at Warrantholder’s address as it appears in Registry and sufficiently given if so within time prescribed. holders of a beneficial interest Global Warrant distributed through Depositary accordance with procedures Depositary. Communications such deemed effective dispatch
There are no civil, criminal or administrative claims, actions, suits, demands, arbitrations, Proceedings investigations pending or, to the Knowledge of Shentel, threatened against Shentel any Affiliate thereof that seeks enjoin this Agreement Transactions otherwise prevent from performing its obligations under other Transaction Documents consummating Transactions. is judgment, decree, injunction, rule, order, writ, decree award court, Governmental Entity, arbitrator governmental regulatory official, body authority outstanding thereof, and there unsatisfied judgments Affiliates in each case would have a material adverse effect on Shentel’s ability consummate
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower Administrative Agent, sell participations to Person (other than a natural person, Defaulting Lender, Borrower, Guarantor of Borrower’s Guarantors’ respective Affiliates Subsidiaries) (each, “ Participant ”) in all portion such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Facility Amount Loans owing it); provided that (i) shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto for performance and (iii) Agent Lenders continue deal directly with connection Agreement.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of State Delaware without regard to conflict-of-laws rules thereof or any other jurisdiction. Participation in this Plan shall be limited to those Participants selected by the Company from time and who enter into an Award Agreement. In addition to all such rights of indemnity and subrogation as the Guarantors may have under applicable law (but subject Section 3.03), Borrower agrees that in event a payment an obligation shall be made by any Guarantor this Agreement, indemnify for full amount subrogated Person whom been extent payment.
This Agreement shall be in effect until the earlier of (a) second anniversary commencement Offering or (b) (i) with respect to NRFC, date upon which neither NSAM J-NS/RXR Ltd nor another Affiliate NRFC is serving as Company’s Advisor, (ii) RXR, RXR NTR Sub-Advisor LLC (the “ Term ”). In case at any time after the Closing, further action is necessary to carry out purposes of this Agreement, each Parties will take such (including execution and delivery instruments documents) as other Party reasonably may request, all sole cost expense requesting (unless entitled indemnification therefor).
At Closing, all of Seller's rights, title and interests, if any, to the extent assignable, in Contracts Intangible Property shall be transferred assigned Buyer, Buyer assume obligations liabilities under arising from after subject provisions Section 11 hereof, by an Assignment Assumption (the " ") form attached hereto as Exhibit "5" such other document that may legally required effect assignment assumption any part or Property.
Each Party shall cooperate with the other in connection its Prosecution and Maintenance activities undertaken as set forth this Section 10.2, including: (i) making available a timely manner any documents or information reasonably requests to facilitate of XenoPort Patents, Patents included within DRL IP, Jointly-Owned IP; (ii) if appropriate, signing (or causing have signed), at reasonable request Party, all relating and, during Term, IP. [ * ] provide requested regard pursuant 10.2. hold disclosed it under Confidential Information.
An Assignment, Assumption, and Release of each the Head Leases from Sellers in form Exhibit N attached hereto by this reference incorporated herein (together, “ Lease Assignments ”), or, if Acceptance Notice is not delivered pursuant to terms hereof, reasonable evidence satisfactory Purchaser that have been fully finally surrendered prior Closing Date a manner acceptable Purchaser, acting reasonably.
The Company has full power, capacity and authority to execute this Agreement all other agreements documents contemplated hereby which it is or will be a party. execution delivery of such by the consummation transactions been duly authorized its board directors, no action on part necessary authorize hereby. This executed delivered constitutes valid binding obligation Company, enforceable in accordance with terms.
The Company owns or has the lawful right to use all patents, trademarks, domain names (whether not registered) and any patentable improvements copyrightable derivative works thereof, websites intellectual property rights relating thereto, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses authorizations, secrets, if any, with respect foregoing, which are necessary for conduct of their respective business as now conducted without conflict others, except where failure so own possess would have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Delaware, without giving effect to conflicts principles thereof. The rights and obligations of the Company any Holder under this Agreement, other than those contained in Section 6 , shall terminate with respect to such on first date upon which no longer beneficially owns Registrable Securities.
(a) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account any obligation Loan Party under Document shall be made without deduction withholding for Taxes, except as required applicable law. If law (as determined in the good faith discretion an agent) requires Tax from such payment a agent, then agent entitled to make timely pay full amount deducted withheld relevant Governmental Authority accordance with and, if is Indemnified Tax, sum payable increased necessary so that after has been (including deductions withholdings additional sums this Section 2.17) Recipient receives equal it would have received had no made.
This Guaranty shall continue until the Guaranteed Obligations have been paid and performed in full. This Option Agreement shall be governed by the laws of State New Jersey as such are applied to agreements between residents entered into and performed entirely within . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (including by facsimile or portable document format (“ PDF ”)), each of which shall deemed an original and both together constitute one the same instrument. At request either Employer Employee, other party will confirm signing a duplicate document.
Except as expressly amended herein, the Employment Agreement will continue in full force and effect accordance with its original terms. This Second Amendment may not be modified or amended, no breach deemed to waived, unless agreed writing by Employee a duly authorized designee of Company. The headings captions this are for convenience only way define describe scope content any provision Amendment. is Massachusetts contract shall construed under governed all respects laws Commonwealth without giving conflict principles that would result application other jurisdiction. executed one more counterparts, each which an together constitute same instrument.
This Agreement may be executed in duplicate counterparts and upon such execution shall considered a single document as though each party had all copies. Receipt of an signature page to this by facsimile or other electronic transmission constitute effective delivery thereof. Escrow Agent undertakes to perform only such duties as are expressly set forth in this Agreement. shall not be deemed have any implied or obligations under related
The provisions of this Warrant and all the other Warrants may be amended Company take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform act required performed by it, only if has obtained written consent Persons holding representing not less than two-thirds Common Stock obtainable upon exercise such then outstanding; provided, that number Shares subject Warrant, Exercise Price, Initial Date Termination amended, right altered waived, without Holder. Any amendment shall apply binding registered holders whether they have consented (except for those amendments that, pursuant preceding sentence, require Holder).
Any dispute, controversy, claim or action of any kind arising out of, relating to, in connection with this Agreement, way involving Company and Investor their respective Affiliates, including issues arbitrability, will be resolved solely by final binding arbitration English before a retired judge at JAMS International, its successor, the Territory Virgin Islands, pursuant to most expedited Streamlined Arbitration Rules procedures available. interim award may entered enforced court competent jurisdiction. The include prevailing party’s reasonable arbitration, expert witness attorney fees, costs expenses. Notwithstanding foregoing, sole discretion bring an Nevada District Court U.S. for addition lieu aid arbitration.
The Company expects to maintain the Plan in force indefinitely, but reserves right (1) amend Plan, whole or part, at any time from time, under procedure described Section 16.2, and (2) suspend terminate by action of Board Directors. EACH OF THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT LITIGATION BASED ON, ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, AGREEMENTS DELIVERED HEREWITH TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, COURSE CONDUCT, DEALING, VERBAL WRITTEN STATEMENT ACTION PARTY.
The descriptive headings used in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding between parties, supersede all prior agreements understandings relating to subject matter hereof, including without limitation Prior Agreement. There are no understandings, conditions, representations or warranties of any kind parties except as expressly set forth herein.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without effect whatsoever on the between Company other Purchasers, written notice parties, if Closing has not been consummated or before March 25, 2016; provided , however that termination will affect right of party sue for breach (or parties).
(a) Base Salary. During the Term, Executive shall be paid an annual base salary that is no less than provided to by TDCC immediately prior Closing (“ Salary ”). The payable in accordance with Olin’s regular payroll practices as then effect. will administered and determined Compensation Committee of Board (the “ ”) its sole discretion consistent compensation policies applicable other senior executives, but event Olin pay a described above during Term.
All notices, requests or consents provided for permitted to be given pursuant this Agreement must in writing and by depositing the same mail, addressed Person notified, postpaid, registered certified with return receipt requested delivering such notice person private-courier, prepaid, telecopier party. Notice personal delivery mail shall effective upon actual receipt. Couriered notices deemed delivered on date courier represents that will occur. if received during recipient’s normal business hours, at beginning of next Business Day after not hours. sent a Party made address set forth below Party’s signature Agreement, other as may stipulate Parties manner Section 4.3 .
This Guaranty Agreement is a continuing guaranty and shall remain in full force effect until: (i) the indefeasible payment of Guaranteed Obligations; or (ii) December 31, 2021, whichever earlier. The parties agree that the following terms, when used in this Agreement, shall have meanings, provided terms set forth below be deemed to modified reflect any changes made such from time as defined HIPAA and Regulations. All capitalized Agreement but not meaning assigned them under
This Letter Agreement, including Exhibit A and B attached to this contains the entire understanding of Parties with respect subject matter hereof. Neither Borrower nor any of Borrower’s Constituents is in default under mortgage, deed trust, to secure debt, note, loan or credit agreement. To the maximum extent permitted by law, no benefit under this Agreement shall be assignable or subject to any manner alienation, sale, transfer, claims of creditors, pledge, attachment encumbrances kind.
During the Term, Executive’s initial annual base salary shall be at least $235,000; provided, however, that concurrent with Transition, in increased to $315, 000. The redetermined annually by Compensation Committee. effect any given time is referred herein as “Base Salary.” Base Salary payable a manner consistent Employers’ usual payroll practices for senior executives.
Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage feminine where appropriate. The headings paragraphs this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and not constitute part or affect construction thereof. Unless otherwise defined herein, each capitalized term used in this Agreement and not herein shall be accordance with the Restated Loan Agreement.
Each party’s obligations under this Section 2.08 shall survive termination of the Facility, repayment all other Obligations hereunder, and resignation or replacement Administrative Agent. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed, construed, determined in accordance with internal laws State New York without regard to conflict law principles that may cause another jurisdiction apply.
The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of State Delaware. has all corporate power authority to own, lease operate its assets carry on business as now conducted qualified do foreign each jurisdiction where such qualification necessary, except any failure have or be so would not reasonably expected, individually aggregate, Material Adverse Effect. Prior date this Agreement, delivered made available Parent true complete copies certificate incorporation bylaws (or similar organizational governing documents) Subsidiary Company, case amended effect Agreement. Neither nor Subsidiaries violation of, conflict with, default under, documents).
The Investor shall have the right to approve before issuance any press release, SEC filing or other public disclosure made by on behalf of Company whatsoever with respect to, in manner, Investor, its purchases hereunder aspect Transaction Documents transactions contemplated thereby; provided, however, that be entitled, without prior approval make release (including filings SEC) such as is required applicable law and regulations Principal Market), so long making counsel provided a reasonable opportunity review comment upon, consulted form substance of, disclosure. agrees acknowledges failure fully comply this provision constitutes Material Adverse Effect. Company, regulations,
Except as disclosed in Schedule 6.14 , no consent, approval or authorization of, registration, declaration filing with any Governmental Authority other Person is required on the part of MAC its Subsidiaries connection execution and delivery Loan Documents by Borrower Parties, performance compliance terms, provisions conditions thereof such Persons, than those that have been obtained will be legally time.
This Guaranty is binding upon Guarantor and its successors assigns, shall inure to the benefit of Landlord, assigns. No assignment or delegation by release obligations under this Guaranty. bind successors, assigns legal representatives Guarantor. The term “ Tenant ” used in includes also first any successive assignee sublessee Tenant. This offer letter including the referenced documents forms entire agreement between you and Intel replaces all prior communications on matters related to employment at Intel.
IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF FOREGOING, MATTERS CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND PERFORMANCE, THIS AMENDMENT OBLIGATIONS ARISING HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED ACCORDANCE WITH, LAWS STATE NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE PERFORMED SUCH (WITHOUT REGARD PRINCIPLES CONFLICT LAWS) ANY LAW UNITED STATES AMERICA. FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, BORROWER HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES CLAIM ASSERT THAT OTHER JURISDICTION GOVERNS NOTE, WITH PURSUANT SECTION 5-1401 GENERAL LAW.
The Trusts are duly formed and validly existing under the laws of State New York. Other than (i) Michael Novogratz 2008 Annuity Trust Agreement dated October 10, 2008, Family 2009 December 31, 2012 GST Agreement, in each case between as grantor trustee (collectively, “ ”), true, correct complete copies which have been provided to Company, (ii) documents related Agreements, Companies, there no agreements or other that govern operation Trusts.
This Agreement, together with the Confidentiality Agreement and any documents or agreements relating to Options, contains complete, final exclusive agreement of parties terms conditions Executive’s employment termination employment, supersedes all prior contemporaneous oral written arrangements between parties, including but not limited offer letter Executive Company dated April 1, 2014. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning s given to such in Company’s 20 1 5 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) .
This Amendment shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, parties hereto their respective successors assigns. The undersigned person executing this Third Acknowledgment on behalf of Borrower represents and certifies that he is fully empowered to execute deliver instrument for Borrower; all necessary action the making delivery has been taken done.
While he is an employee of the Company, Employee shall be entitled to paid vacation that accrues at a rate 1.66 days for each month worked (20 per employment year). have right carryover unused from one year next, extent permitted by Company's policy time in effect, up maximum 10 year.
The liabilities and obligations of both Borrower Lender under this Section 9.1 shall survive the termination Agreement satisfaction discharge Debt. All notices, offers, acceptance and other acts under this Agreement (except payment) shall be in writing signed, sufficiently given delivered to the addressees person, by Federal Express or similar overnight next day business delivery, email delivery followed accordance with information provided each party’s name on signature page Agreement.
Except as otherwise expressly provided, this Agreement may only be amended, modified or supplemented by an agreement in a writing signed each of the Parties. The Parties agree that, event that there is change Law affects (or affect) legality enforceability any its provisions materially and adversely ability Party to perform obligations receive benefits intended under Agreement, then, soon reasonably practical following written notice thereof, will negotiate good faith (provided neither have obligation enter into) amendment substitute order best reflect original intent manner consistent with applicable Law.
Paid time off for vacations and sick days shall be limited to an aggregate of seventeen (17 days) per annum during the term this Agreement, which in addition legal holidays. Except as days, taken at a reasonably convenient Employer. In event Employee’s employment terminates prior end hereof, such entitlement prorated. Any unused any annual Agreement not entitle Employee payment therefor may carried forward into subsequent period employment.
Each of Landlord and Tenant acknowledges that the content Lease, this First Amendment, any related documents are confidential information. shall keep such information strictly confidential, not disclose to person or entity other than employee agent who has a need know except as disclosed in accordance with regulatory disclosure requirements may be by its Securities Exchange Commission filings. make commercially reasonable efforts require agents brokers involved transaction maintain confidentiality. Any press release pertaining Lease either desires must approved advance party order ensure it discloses only comparable party’s own releases.
If any provision hereof shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in jurisdiction, the Parties negotiate good faith a valid, legal and enforceable substitute that most nearly reflects original intent of all other provisions remain full force effect such jurisdiction liberally construed order to carry out intentions hereto as may possible. Such invalidity, illegality unenforceability not affect validity, legality enforceability jurisdiction.
EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT TRIAL JURY OF CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE (INCLUDING ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, ACTIONS ARISING DIRECTLY INDIRECTLY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, IN CASE, WHETHER NOW EXISTING HEREAFTER ARISING, AND CONTRACT, TORT, EQUITY, OTHERWISE. This Agreement may be executed in any number of separate counterparts each which when so shall deemed to an original and all together constitute one the same agreement.
This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts and each counterpart shall represent a fully executed original as if by all the parties listed below. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, and all counterparts so shall constitute one agreement, binding on the parties hereto, notwithstanding that such are not signatory to same counterpart. Counterparts delivered by facsimile or other electronic transmission.
Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.2(cc) of the Disclosure Letter, there are no claims, actions, proceedings, suits, inquiries, reviews, judgments or decrees (or, to knowledge Sellers, any investigation by Governmental Entity) pending or, threatened against involving Corporation before Entity. As at Closing Date, is not subject a judgment, order decree.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall be a condition precedent to Company’s right terminate Executive’s employment for Cause and Good Reason that (i) Party seeking termination first have given other written notice stating with specificity reason (“ breach ”) (ii) if such is susceptible of cure or remedy, period 30days from after giving elapsed without breaching having substantially cured remedied during 30 day period, unless cannot within days, in which case remedy extended reasonable time (not exceed an additional days) provided has made continues make diligent effort effect cure.
All notices and other communica tions from Company to Holder, or vice versa, shall be in writing deemed delivered effective when given personally mailed by first ‑class registered certified mail, postage prepaid, overnight courier, at such address as may have been furnished the case be, Holder time time. This Lease shall constitute a legally binding and enforceable agreement between Landlord Tenant as of the Effective Date. The Term this is stated in Section 1(f), Commencement Date be determined provided 1(h). confirm Expiration writing within thirty (30) days after actual pursuant to form certificate attached Exhibit E .
Notwithstanding any provision of this Lease to the contrary, parties acknowledge and agree that, all claims against, liabilities of, Lessee or Lessor which relate acts omissions prior date expiration termination Lease, covenants obligations under expressly periods after earlier Lessee’s tenancy including, without limitation, indemnification those described in Sections 8.1 (final sentence only), 8.3 16.2 , 38.4 38.5 40.3 Articles XVIII XIX XXII shall survive such termination.
To facilitate execution, this Guaranty may be executed in as many counterparts convenient or required. It shall not necessary that the signature acknowledgment of, on behalf each party, of all persons required to bind any such appear counterpart. All collectively constitute a single instrument. making proof produce account for more than counterpart containing respective signatures and acknowledgments parties hereto. Any page detached from without impairing legal effect thereon thereafter attached another identical thereto except having it additional pages.
Each member of Carlson Capital jointly represents and warrants that, as the date this Agreement: (a) Capital, together with all Affiliates, collectively Beneficially Own an aggregate [2,267,066] Common Shares; (b) has not provided or agreed to provide, will any compensation in cash otherwise New Director, solely, his capacity a director nominee Company connection such Director’s nomination appointment to, service on, Board.
This Agreement may not be assigned by Purchaser or Seller without the prior express written consent of other party, which given withheld in such party’s sole and absolute discretion, except that shall have right to assign this one (1) more designees designate take title Property at Closing delivering notice thereof (provided released under as a result assignment designation).
THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS OBLIGATIONS OF PARTIES UNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, LAWS STATE NEW YORK. The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity unless Parties mutually agree to terminate or terminated earlier as set forth below.
In the event of a breach by Company or Purchasers any their respective obligations under this Agreement, Purchasers, as case may be, in addition to being entitled exercise all rights granted law and including recovery damages, will be specific performance its Agreement. The acknowledge agree that monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for losses incurred reason either them provisions Agreement each hereby further agrees that, action respect such breach, it shall waive defense remedy at adequate.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Severance Agreement to the contrary, provisions of Sections 3 , 4 5 and 6 shall survive termination any Executive’s employment hereunder. Borrower’s request for a Revolving Loan will be deemed reaffirmation of its representations and warranties under the Documents, except to extent such relate solely an earlier period.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you Company concerning compensation to be paid all of terms conditions your employment supersedes prior agreements same, whether written or oral, except as specifically set forth herein. Each party agrees pay reasonable attorneys’ fees costs incurred by other if is successful in enforcing its rights under this any court action, arbitration proceeding. may not modified amended instrument duly executed each parties. A waiver either term condition breach thereof shall deemed constitute a subsequent hereof.
On the Effective Date and after giving effect to provisions of Loan Documents, (a) fair market value assets each Party will exceed their debts liabilities; (b) present saleable property be greater than amount that required pay probable liability its other (c) (individually and/or on a consolidated basis) able liabilities as they become absolute mature; (d) not have unreasonably small capital with which conduct business such is now conducted proposed following Date.
By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Employee acknowledges that agrees to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and report pay any all taxes associated vesting of Units sale Shares acquired under Plan. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS REGARDING CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE JURY TRIAL WAIVER SET FORTH IN SECTION 12 CREDIT AGREEMENT, SUCH ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE, MUTATIS MUTANDIS .
Advise Buyer promptly of any commenced or threatened litigation, arbitration proceeding which Seller has received written notice actual knowledge administrative hearing (including condemnation) before governmental agency that affects the Asset, Ground Lease, operation Property could adversely affect Seller’s ability to consummate Transaction. Deliver after receipt thereof copies notices Violations other regarding Asset leasehold interest under Lease by Seller.
Your annual base salary will initially be at the rate of US $400,000 per year (“ Annual Base Salary ”), paid on a bi-weekly basis, pro-rated for any partial periods based actual number days in applicable period. performance evaluated least annually, and increase to level your determined as part regular review process. You receive an car allowance amount $13,500 annually cell phone $2,025 annually.
This Waiver and Amendment No. 5 may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all when taken together a single contract. Delivery counterpart signature page this telecopy or other electronic imaging methods effective as delivery manually 5. The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing delivery of Capacity Shares, as applicable.
Each of the First-Out Agent, for itself and on behalf other Secured Party Second-Out Parties, each Grantor party hereto, its subsidiaries, agrees that it will execute, or cause to be executed, any all further documents, agreements instruments, take such actions, as may required under applicable law, which Agent reasonably request, effectuate terms this Agreement, including relative Lien priorities provided herein.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Opco shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless FinanceCo its officers, directors, employees, agents representatives from against any Losses suffered or incurred such Persons related to arising out of in connection with carrying on Business as provided LLC Agreement, including, without limitation, threatened pending claim proceeding initiated a holder Common Shares FinanceCo.
Executive agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Company in connection its actual or contemplated defense, prosecution, investigation of any claims demands by against third parties, other matters arising from events, acts, failures act that occurred during period Executive’s employment Company. The reimburse for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred such cooperation.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall deemed an original as against party whose signature appears thereon, and all together constitute one the same instrument. become binding when or more counterparts hereof, individually taken together, bear signatures parties reflected hereon signatories. Photographic copies such signed used lieu originals for purpose.
Other than to other Persons party this Agreement and the Purchaser’s employees, officers, directors, attorneys advisors, Purchaser has maintained will maintain confidentiality of all disclosures made it in connection with transaction (including existence terms transaction). The Company shall be entitled to withhold from any payments or deemed amount of withholding required by law. No other taxes, fees, impositions, duties, charges offsets kind deducted withheld amounts payable hereunder, unless otherwise
This Agreement, the Change in Control Non-Competition Agreement and Confidentiality set forth entire agreement between Employer Employee regarding terms of Employee’s employment supersede all prior agreements covering employment, including without limitation, Prior Agreement. may not be amended or modified except a written instrument signed by identifying this stating intention to amend modify it.
The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement and the set forth entire agreement understanding of parties relating to subject matter merge all prior discussions between them. No modification or amendment this Agreement, nor any waiver rights under shall be effective unless in writing signed Agreement. failure either party enforce not construed as a such party. Notwithstanding anything contrary anywhere else grant Shares terms, definitions provisions Plan, which Any Grantee’s hereunder addition Grantee may otherwise have benefit plans agreements Company participant, including, but limited to, sponsored employee plans, stock option severance agreements. way limit other
In the event of any dispute between Kreider and Bion over provision JVA (including Prior Agreements), agree that if they cannot resolve such in 90 days (from written notice), shall be subject to resolution through binding arbitration (in Pennsylvania), which by a mutually agreeable arbitrator (if parties on mutual acceptable arbitrator, each nominate an independent third party chose without consultation with deemed acceptable). The split costs related arbitration.
There are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened against Company at law in equity before by any court federal, state, municipal their governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency instrumentality, domestic foreign which could materially adversely affect Company. The is not subject continuing order, writ, injunction decree it would have a material adverse effect on
The proceeds of Revolver Loans shall be used by the Borrowers solely (a) to issue standby or commercial letters credit, and (b) finance ongoing working capital needs other lawful general corporate purposes their Restricted Subsidiaries. No part any Loan shall, nor Letter Credit, in case, directly indirectly violation Anti-Terrorism Laws Sanctions.
Tenant shall cause the Contractor, at no cost to Landlord, maintain and keep in full force effect, insurance required under Exh ibit C-2 , with such companies, form amounts as Landlord may reasonably require. shall, of Lease this Exhibit. Prior commencement construction Leasehold Improvements, be provided copies certificates indicating coverages by Exhibit are a copy executed Construction Contract.
Unless otherwise specified in the Award Agreement or subsequently determined by Committee, unvested Shares held pursuant to a Restricted Stock and RSUs under an RSU shall be forfeited canceled upon termination of Participant’s employment other service with Company its Subsidiaries. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which shall considered one and the same instrument become effective when counterparts have been signed by each parties delivered to other party. facsimile signature electronic such constitute an original for purposes.
Except as would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result a Material Adverse Effect, Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries have timely filed all Tax returns reports required filed, paid Taxes (including capacity withholding agent) levied imposed on their properties, income assets otherwise due payable, except those which are being contested good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted for adequate reserves been provided accordance with GAAP.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company’s remedies at law for a breach or threatened of any provisions Section 6 this Agreement would be inadequate Company suffer irreparable damages as result such breach. In recognition fact, that, in event breach, addition to law, Company, without posting bond, shall entitled, other remedy available equity, obtain equitable relief form specific performance, temporary restraining order, permanent injunction which may then available. Any judicial determination whether is compliance with hereof determined based solely on contractual provided therein facts circumstances Executive’s actions regard could an under particular jurisdiction. This 7 survives termination Agreement.
Receipt by the Administrative Agent of a copy (i) annual consolidated financial statements (including balance sheets, income and cash flow statements) Borrower its Subsidiaries for Fiscal Years 2014 2015, audited independent public accountants recognized national standing, (ii) sheet, statement, statement flows Quarter ended March 31, 2016 (iii) such other information regarding as may reasonably request.
The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration filing with, other action by, Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained made and are in full force effect, (b) will violate applicable law regulation the charter, by-laws organizational documents of Borrower its Subsidiaries order (c) result a default under indenture, agreement instrument binding upon assets, give rise to right thereunder payment be by Subsidiaries, (d) creation imposition Lien on asset (other than Liens permitted Section 6.02(a)).
The Seller has filed or caused to be all tax returns and reports (Federal, state local) required by Law it paid made adequate provision for taxes governmental charges due owing assessments received except the extent that any failure file nonpayment (i) is being contested in good faith (ii) could not reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
Upon request of the Bank, Borrower shall make, execute, and deliver (or cause to be made, executed, delivered) Bank any all such other documents instruments that they may consider reasonably necessary correct errors in or omissions from this Agreement, Loan Documents, effectuate, complete, perfect, continue preserve their respective obligations thereunder liens, security interests, grants, rights, interests favor thereunder. take actions time order accomplish satisfy provisions Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which, when taken together and confirmed between the attorneys identified herein, shall constitute but one same fully instrument. Signatures on counterparts this that are delivered via fax, email or by other electronic means authorized acknowledged as if such signatures were an original execution.
Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, each of Parties hereto shall bear all taxes any nature (including, without limitation, income, franchise, transfer, and sales taxes) fees expenses relating to arising from its compliance with various provisions this Agreement such party's covenants be performed hereunder, except as otherwise specifically provided for herein, agrees pay own attorneys accountants' fees, printing expenses) incurred in connection Agreement, hereby, negotiations leading same preparations made carrying into effect, taxes, paid prior Closing.
This Separation Agreement shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of State Tennessee. The parties agree that any conflict law rule might require reference to some jurisdiction other than Tennessee disregarded. Each party hereby agrees for itself its properties courts sitting Knox County, have sole exclusive venue over matter arising out or relating this Agreement, from relationship parties, Executive’s employment Company, termination whether contract, tort, statute, otherwise, submits property such courts.
Except for the Disclosed Matters, such Borrower and its Subsidiaries have complied with all applicable statutes, rules, regulations, orders restrictions of any domestic or foreign government instrumentality agency thereof having jurisdiction over conduct their respective businesses ownership Property, non-compliance which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect respect Borrower.
The term of this lease is 24 months commencing on February 1, 2016 (Commencement Date) and ending 2018 (Expiration Date). A Participant’s Deferrals shall be 100% vested at all times. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, comply in all respects with Applicable Laws, where any such non-compliance, individually or the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without effect whatsoever on the between Company other Purchasers, written notice parties, if Closing has not been consummated or before June 27, 2016; provided , however that termination will affect right of party sue for breach (or parties).
The execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of the Operative Documents to which it is a party are within its powers, have been duly authorized all necessary action pursuant Organizational Documents, require no further or in respect of, filing with, any Governmental Authority do not violate, conflict with cause breach default under (a) Law applicable Party, (b) agreement instrument binding upon it, except for such violations, conflicts, breaches defaults as could not, this clause (b), reasonably be expected Material Adverse Effect.
The Grantee shall be responsible for payment of all taxes relating to the exercise Option and receipt disposition related Shares. making arrangements acceptable Administrator satisfaction such tax withholding obligations; provided, however, that Company may require any obligation arising as a result satisfied through by number Shares having Fair Market Value equal minimum statutory (based on rates federal state purposes, including payroll taxes) could imposed transaction and, in case, which would not additional accounting expense Company.
The representations, warranties and covenants of Seller set forth in this Agreement are remade as the Closing Date shall not be deemed to merged into or waived by instruments at survive after for a period nine (9) months (the “ Seller’s Representation, Warranty Covenant Survival Period ”). The “ Term ” of this Lease shall commence on the Commencement Date for applicable Portion Premises and end Expiration as stated in Exhibit 1, unless extended or terminated pursuant to terms hereof.
Customer hereby grants to Company a warehouseman’s lien on all of Customer’s Products in storage at the Terminal for any amounts payable by that have not been paid when due hereunder. If warehouse receipt is required under Law such arise, this Schedule will be deemed Terminal. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.15, no Person is entitled to any brokerage, financial advisory, finder’s or similar fee commission payable by the Seller.
No Company shall (a) violate the provisions of any Laws or rulings Governmental Authority applicable to it Material Agreement which is a party if that violation alone, when aggregated with all other violations, would be Adverse Event, (b) its organizational documents such cause (c) repeal, replace, amend provision action Event.
This Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors Company on March 18, 2011, effective as July 1, 2011 (the “ Effective Date ”), and shall apply to any purchase right granted, or stock transferred pursuant after Date. continue until earlier occur (a) termination this (which may be effected at time), (b) issuance all shares Common Stock reserved for under Plan, (c) April 27, 2021.
This Amendment may be signed in counterparts and each of such will constitute an original document counterparts, taken together, one the same instrument. Except as otherwise noted herein, this Agreement, and any agreements referenced represent the entire agreement understanding between Executive Company regarding subject matter hereof supersede replace all prior understandings Parties with respect thereto. This Agreement may not be modified except expressly in a writing signed by both parties.
The Company and the Holders acknowledge that there would be no adequate remedy at law if any party fails to perform of its obligations hereunder, accordingly agree each Holder, in addition other which it may entitled or equity, shall compel specific performance another under this Agreement accordance with terms conditions court United States State thereof having jurisdiction.
Subject to your continued employment, 33-1/3% of the Stock Units will vest on [DATE] [YEAR], [YEAR] and [YEAR]. Each date which a Unit is scheduled pursuant this Section II.B.2. “ Scheduled Vesting Date .” In event termination occurrence Permanent Disability (as defined in V.H.) or Change Control ” Plan) prior Date, right any that are unvested immediately employment Disability, as applicable, be determined accordance with III. IV., applicable. For avoidance doubt, for purposes determining vesting under III.H.
Unless otherwise provided in an award agreement, the event employment of a Participant is terminated by reason death, Disability or Retirement during Performance Period, Participant’s Award will immediately vest prorated number PSUs based on date termination relative to length and Shares (or cash) corresponding earned (based performance for whole Period as adjudicated Determination Date) be delivered dates specified Section 5.5.
Upon termination of this Agreement by the Company or Executive for any reason, such shall constitute written resignation from all positions as an officer, director member committee board its Affiliates may be requested Affiliate and sign other documents papers relating to Executive’s employment, benefits benefit plans reasonably request. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between parties with respect to Stock Units granted hereunder. Any oral or written agreements, representations, warranties, inducements, other communications made prior execution of this hereunder shall be void and ineffective for all purposes.
The Purchaser has all necessary power and authority under applicable provisions of law to execute deliver this Agreement the Registration Rights carry out Agreement. All action on Purchaser’s part required for lawful execution delivery been or will be effectively taken prior each Closing. Each Agreement, when executed delivered, a valid binding obligation Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium other laws general application affecting enforcement creditors’ rights (ii) principles equity that restrict availability equitable remedies.
The New Subsidiary Borrower (i) is duly organized, validly existing and (to the extent applicable in relevant jurisdiction) good standing under laws of jurisdiction its incorporation or formation, except to that failure be applicable) would not reasonably expected have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) has corporate other organizational power authority legal right, make, deliver perform this Joinder Loan Documents which it will party, own operate property, lease property operates as lessee conduct business currently engaged, such right (iii) qualified foreign corporation, partnership limited liability company each where ownership, operation requires qualification, than jurisdictions so Effect.
The Employee agrees that he will not during the Term of this Agreement or thereafter disparage Company, Partnership any their respective affiliates, products, practices services directors, officers, managers, employees, agents, representatives, equityholders affiliates Company Partnership, either orally in writing, at time and shall instruct members Board executive officers to Employee, time; provided , party may confer confidence with its legal representatives make truthful statements as required by law applicable rules professional conduct.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced exclusively pursuant to the laws of State Texas applicable contracts performed wholly within State. The Parties also agree that venue any action enforce provisions this Agreement, or document executed in connection with Dallas County, Texas. they will not contest choice law Paragraph. Each Eligible Employee who incurs a Severance shall be entitled, subject to Section 2.3, receive the following payments and benefits from Company.
If the Disability of Executive has occurred during Contract Term, Partnership or Company, respectively, may give written notice in accordance with Section 7(g) its intention to terminate Executive’s employment. In such event, employment and Company shall effective on 30th day after receipt by Executive, provided that within 30 days receipt, not have returned full-time performance his duties.
For purposes of this Section 2.11 , the term “Lender” includes any Issuing Lender and “applicable law” FATCA. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of State California, excluding any conflicts or choice law rule principle that might otherwise refer construction interpretation this to substantive another jurisdiction. Any litigation pertaining adjudicated courts located Santa Barbara County, California.
No delay or failure on the part of Lender any holder Note in exercise right, power privilege granted under this Agreement, other Loan Document, available at law equity, shall impair such be construed as a waiver Event Default acquiescence therein. single partial preclude further privilege. valid against unless made writing and signed by Lender, then only to extent expressly specified
The provisions of this paragraph 10 shall apply in the event a Change Control (as defined Plan) prior to forfeiture Option under 9. This Agreement may be amended upon the consent of Manager and Member. The consent of Landlord outlined in this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver or modification the provisions Lease which restricts assignment and/or subletting Premises without Landlord's prior written consent. Any future sublease must accordance with terms and conditions Lease.
This Security Agreement amends and restates the Existing Agreement. All liens, claims, rights, titles, interests benefits created granted by shall continue to exist, remain valid subsisting, not be impaired or released hereby, in full force effect are hereby renewed, extended, carried forward conveyed as security for Obligations, each case, modified terms hereof.
In the event that any Law requires Paying Party to withhold taxes with respect payment be made by pursuant this Agreement, will notify non-Paying of such withholding requirement prior making and provide assistance Party, including provision standard documentation as may required a tax authority, reasonably necessary in Party’s efforts claim an exemption from or reduction taxes. The will, accordance amount due, remit appropriate furnish proof within […***…] following payment. If are paid shall reasonable obtain refund withheld, credit paid.
Notices and other communications provided for under the Intercreditor Agreement to be [Agent] shall sent address set forth below its name on signature page hereto (until notice of a change thereof is delivered as in Section 10.9 Agreement). The Borrower will use the proceeds of Loans and request issuance Letters Credit solely in compliance with Section 6.9 this Agreement.
Each Party acknowledges that in connection with this Agreement it may gain access to Confidential Information of the other Party. Receiving shall, perpetuity: (i) not use than as necessary exercise its rights and perform obligations under or, subject non-disclosure obligation, operate respective business, (ii) maintain strict confidence and, Section 8.02, disclose without Disclosing Party’s prior written consent, provided, however, permitted Article VIII.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Article 22 Work Letter, Tenant may include a fitness or gym facilities (a “ ”) in Premises. The location Fitness Facility within Premises shall be determined by subject Landlord’s reasonable approval any limitations set forth under Applicable Laws permits approvals obtained for Facility. available use solely Tenant’s employees guests, no event it open public. Tenant, at expense, obtain maintain all governmental licenses necessary operate comply with relating maintenance, operation thereof such rules regulations as promulgated from time Landlord.
Each TRA Holder shall (i) furnish to the Parent Corporation in a timely manner such information, documents and other materials as may reasonably request for purposes of making any determination or computation necessary appropriate under this Agreement, preparing Tax Return contesting defending Proceeding (for avoidance doubt, excluding relating owners Holder), (ii) make itself available its representatives provide explanations information connection with matters described clause above, (iii) cooperate matter.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, PARTIES HEREBY KNOWINGLY, INTENTIONALLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVE TRIAL JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM BROUGHT EITHER PARTY AGAINST OTHER ON MATTER ARISING OUT OF WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT. ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY HAVE RETAINED COUNSEL THEIR OWN CHOOSING SUCH HAS FULLY EXPLAINED CONTENT LEGAL EFFECT SECTION 10.24 .
All section headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only. This may be executed counterparts, each of which shall deemed to an original but all together constitute the same instrument. The following terms and conditions will govern the Executive’s employment with Company throughout Term. Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance, all material respects, with applicable Laws Consents any Governmental Authority.
To induce the Subordinated Agent to execute and deliver this Agreement, Senior L/C Lender hereby represents warrants that as of date hereof: (a) has power authority enter into, execute, carry out terms all which have been duly authorized by proper necessary action; (b) execution Agreement will not violate or conflict with any material agreement binding upon law, regulation order require consent approval obtained; (c) is legal, valid obligation Lender, enforceable against in accordance its terms, except such enforceability may be limited applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium similar laws affecting enforcement creditors’ rights generally equitable principles.
The rights contained in this Section 1.5 shall be personal to the Original Tenant and any Affiliate Assignee may only exercised by or such (and not other assignee sublessee of Tenant's interest (or Assignee's interest) Lease) if Assignee) (together with subtenant a Permitted Transfer) actually occupies at least seventy-five percent (75%) entire Premises then leased as date First Offer Notice. have right lease Space provided if, Notice, or, Landlord's option, scheduled delivery Tenant, is default under Lease beyond expiration all applicable notice cure periods has previously been more than once preceding twelve (12) months.
The Chicago Bridge & Iron Savings Plan was originally established by the Company’s corporate predecessor effective June 16, 1964. Company, a Delaware corporation, became sponsor of March 18, 1997. Company merged CBI Hourly Employees’ Saving into this and amended restated January 1, further Howe-Baker Engineers, Inc. Profit-Sharing 401(k) Plan, Matrix Engineering, A&B Builders, Callidus Technologies December 31, 2000. previously 2008, 2013 2014.
The Company shall employ and continue to Employee, Employee be employed with the Company, upon terms conditions set forth in this Agreement for period beginning on date hereof ending Termination Date, as defined Section 4 (the “Employment Period”). There are no Legal Proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Purchaser, threatened against nor Purchaser is there any investigation by Governmental Body, which would give third party right enjoin or rescind transactions contemplated hereby otherwise prevent from complying with terms and provision this Agreement.
(a) The proceeds of the Heartland Facilities shall be used to finance Acquisition Costs and (b) other Loans solely (i) refinance existing Indebtedness pay fees, costs expenses related thereto (ii) Acquisitions fees thereto, (iii) incurred in connection with this Agreement and/or (iv) for lawful corporate purposes (including, without limitation, share repurchases).
No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, notice to, filing with, any Governmental Authority Person (each, a “ Consent ”), is necessary required in connection with the issuance and sale of Purchased Shares by Company, execution, delivery performance this Agreement Transaction Documents Company consummation transactions contemplated hereby thereby, than Consents (a) Commission Company’s obligations under Registration Rights Agreement, (b) state securities “blue sky” Laws, (c) that have been, prior to Closing Date will duly obtained, taken, given made are full force effect, (d) Consents, failure which obtain make would not reasonably be expected Material Adverse Effect.
If the Employee separates from employment with Employers and Affiliates prior to Three-Year Anniversary Date by reason of death, then on date Employee’s death Award shall become nonforfeitable Restriction Period respect terminate. Within sixty (60) days following Company issue designated beneficiary in a single payment shares Common Stock subject .
The section headings and captions contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only, not part of shall affect the meaning or interpretation Agreement. Each party agrees to execute such further documents and take action as may be reasonable necessary effectuate the provisions of this Agreement. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING AGREEMENT, OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY.
The Company shall submit drafts to CEC of any press releases and public documents that constitute disclosure the existence or terms this Agreement amendment at least three (3) Business Days prior making such disclosure, afford them a reasonable opportunity under circumstances comment on disclosures incorporate comments in good faith. The Company shall have all powers of a limited liability company organized under the Act and not proscribed by Act, its Certificate Formation, or this Agreement.
For the purposes of this Agreement, notices, demands and all other communications provided for in Agreement shall be writing deemed to have been duly given when delivered either personally or by United States certified registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed Company at its corporate headquarters Executive as address reflected human resources records such any party may furnished others accordance herewith, except that notices change effective only upon receipt.
No waiver of any the provisions this Agreement shall be deemed, or will constitute, a other provision, whether not similar, nor constitute continuing waiver. binding unless executed in writing by party making The parties agree to execute, deliver and perform such other documents, agreements instruments, take further actions, in each case as may be necessary or appropriate effectuate this Agreement the intentions expressed herein.
KRECM and Subservicer each further agrees, at its own cost, without expense to the other party, do, execute, acknowledge, deliver all every such agreements, instruments, acts, deeds, conveyances, financing statements, assignments, notices of transfers, assurances as are required from time for carrying out intention facilitating performance terms Subservicing Agreement this Amendment.
If the Lender pays any Taxes that Borrower is required to pay pursuant this Article V , shall indemnify on demand in full currency which such are paid (including imposed by jurisdiction amounts payable under Section 5.04 ), whether or not were correctly legally asserted, together with interest thereon from and including date of payment to, but excluding, reimbursement at Default Rate reasonable expense arising therefrom. A certificate an affected claiming compensation setting forth be thereunder delivered Borrower, conclusive, binding final for all purposes, absent manifest error.
Each of the representations and warranties Company in this Agreement other Transaction Documents that are qualified by materiality or reference to any Material Adverse Effect shall be true correct all respects, material as date when made Closing Date though at time, except for expressly a particular date, which respects such date.
Any claim arising under or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of State Washington without regard principles conflict laws. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability will mean Executive's absence from his responsibilities with the Company on a full-time basis for 180 calendar days in any consecutive 12-month period as result mental or physical illness injury.
THIS LEASE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF STATE DELAWARE APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS EXECUTED PERFORMED SUCH STATE, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT CONFLICTS LAW PRINCIPLES. NOTWITHSTANDING FOREGOING, ALL PROVISIONS RELATING CREATION LEASEHOLD ESTATE REMEDIES SET FORTH ARTICLE XVI RECOVERY POSSESSION LEASED PROPERTY (SUCH AS AN ACTION FOR UNLAWFUL DETAINER OR OTHER SIMILAR ACTION) BY, ENFORCED WHICH IS LOCATED.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower Administrative Agent, sell participations to Person (other than a natural person, Defaulting of Borrower’s Affiliates Subsidiaries) (each, “ Participant ”) in all portion such Lender's rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitment Loans owing it); provided that (i) shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto for performance and (iii) Borrower, Agent Lenders continue deal directly with connection Agreement.
The Parties agree that they have been represented by counsel during the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and, therefore waive application any law, regulation, holding or rule construction providing ambiguities in an agreement other document will be construed against Party drafting such document. The provisions of this Revolving Secured Promissory Note are severable, and if any provision shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole part jurisdiction, then such invalidity unenforceability not manner affect other jurisdiction jurisdiction.
Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as such jurisdiction, ineffective the extent invalidity, illegality unenforceability without affecting validity, legality and enforceability remaining provisions hereof; invalidity a particular shall not invalidate other jurisdiction. Without limiting foregoing Section 10.12 , if that relating Defaulting Lenders limited by Bankruptcy Laws, determined good faith Administrative Agent L/C Issuers, applicable, then deemed effect only so limited.
You may not assign your rights or delegate obligations under this Agreement. Sotheby’s shall be entitled to withhold from any payments deemed Agreement amount of withholding required by law. This constitutes the entire agreement between you and concerning subject matter employment supersedes prior employment, severance, notice non-compete parties. Any waiver amendment provision must in writing signed both
This Letter Agreement contains the entire agreement between you and Company is complete, final exclusive embodiment of our with regard to subject matter. It entered into without reliance on any promise or representation other than those expressly contained herein, it may not be modified except in writing signed by an officer Company.
Other than as set forth on Schedule 2.1(q) , the Company, to extent its applicable, has accurately prepared and filed all federal, state other tax returns required by law be it, paid or made provisions for payment of taxes shown due being contested additional assessments, adequate have been are reflected in consolidated financial statements Company current charges which is subject not currently payable. None federal income audited Internal Revenue Service. The no knowledge any adjustments contingent liability (whether foreign) nature whatsoever, whether pending threatened against period, nor basis such assessment, adjustment contingency.
Subject to Section 9.3 , infra, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure the benefit of parties hereto their respective successors assigns. The tax withholding obligation shall be satisfied by the Company required minimum amount from shares of Stock to issued Grantee. Shall mean any entity of which at least 5l% the outstanding stock or ownership interest having ordinary voting power to elect a majority Board Directors/management such is time directly indirectly owned by Borrower.
Tenant shall deliver to Landlord, by the Early Entry Date, a certificate of insurance evidencing that Additional Premises are included within and covered Tenant's policies required be carried pursuant Lease. Such insurance, extent it remains in effect compliance with Lease, satisfy any requirements Landlord regarding is carry respect during Lease Term.
The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received (a) all fees required to be paid on Amendment Effective Date including, without duplication, an amendment fee for account of each Lender that delivers executes its signature page consenting by 5:00 p.m. Houston, Texas time July 12, 2016, in amount equal 0.05% respect such Lender’s Commitment under Credit Agreement effect after giving Section 2.21 hereof (b) other amounts due payable or prior Date, extent invoiced at least one Business Day reimbursement payment documented out-of-pocket expenses reimbursed Borrower Agreement.
There are no actions, suits, claims, demands, investigations, inspections, audits, charges, or proceedings by before any Governmental Authority pending or, to the actual knowledge of an Authorized Officer Parent Guarantor other Obligor, threatened (i) with respect Transaction Document (ii) that has had, could reasonably be expected have, either individually in aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
Except where the failure to have such title or other interest would not reasonably be expected have, individually, in aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, each Loan Party and of its Subsidiaries has good record marketable fee simple to, valid leasehold interests in, easements limited property all real necessary ordinary conduct business, free clear Liens except for minor defects that do materially interfere with ability business utilize assets their intended purposes, permitted by Section 7.01, privileges arising mandatorily Law.
Subject to entry of the Approval Order, this Agreement will have been, and subject Disclosure Statement Confirmation each other Transaction be, duly executed delivered by Company Debtors party thereto. Upon Order assuming due valid execution delivery hereof Commitment Parties, BCA Obligations constitute legally binding obligations and, extent applicable, Debtors, enforceable against in accordance with their respective terms, bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium similar Laws now or hereafter effect relating creditor’s rights generally general principles equity. Agreements Parties any parties thereof, hereunder thereunder
In addition to being entitled exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Purchaser will be specific performance under Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not adequate compensation for any loss incurred reason breach obligations contained in Documents and hereby waive assert action such obligation defense a remedy at law would adequate.
Neither Seller nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to agreement, instrument or indenture, subject restriction, that has, could reasonably be expected have, Material Adverse Effect. None Seller’s dividend restriction imposed by Governmental Authority other than those under applicable statutory law. in default the performance, observance fulfillment obligations, covenants conditions contained indenture which result No holder Debt has given notice alleged thereunder, or, if given, same been cured will relevant Subsidiary within cure period provided therein. Act Insolvency with respect Seller, Guarantor, their respective properties pending, contemplated knowledge threatened.
No Person shall be admitted as an Additional Limited Partner without the consent of General Partner, which given or withheld in Partner’s sole and absolute discretion. A who makes a Capital Contribution to Partnership accordance with this Agreement only upon furnishing (i) evidence acceptance form satisfactory all terms conditions Agreement, including, limitation, power attorney granted Section 15.11 (ii) such other documents instruments may required discretion effect Person’s admission Partner. The any become effective on date name is recorded books records Partnership, following admission.
This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State New York without regard to conflicts law principles. The headings of the sections or subsections in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not control affect meaning construction limit scope intent any provisions Agreement.
During the term of Executive’s employment hereunder, Executive shall be entitled to participate in all group life, health, medical, dental, disability insurance, retirement, pension, and other similar employee benefit plans, now effect or hereafter adopted, same extent as executive employees Company. The Company reserves right adjust these levels from time time, offer any perquisites may determine so long such adjustment is generally applicable senior executives
This Agreement shall be deemed to made in, governed by and construed in all respects accordance with the laws of State Nevada irrespective country or place domicile residence either party without regard conflicts principles. If any term provision this is invalid, illegal unenforceable jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality unenforceability not affect other invalidate render jurisdiction.
The Borrower and the Parent will not, not permit any of Borrower’s Subsidiaries to, enter into transaction (including, without limitation, purchase or sale Property service) with, make payment transfer Affiliate except (a) in ordinary course business pursuant to reasonable requirements Parent’s such Subsidiary’s upon fair terms no less favorable Borrower, Subsidiary then would obtain a comparable arms height length transaction; (b) transactions between among and/or Wholly Owned Parent.
Walker Innovation shall have obtained in a timely fashion any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations waivers necessary for consummation of the purchase sale Shares at Closing, which be remain so long as full force effect. Each party shall bear its own expenses and legal fees incurred on behalf with respect to the negotiation, execution consummation of transactions contemplated by this Agreement Transaction Documents.
BDSI shall not (a) knowingly commit any act or omission that would reasonably be expected to give rise right of Arius Two, Inc. terminate certain BEMA License Agreement between (“ Two ”) and Arius, dated September 5, 2007, as amended (the “ Sublicensing Consent on about the Effective Date this ”), (b) exercise it may have Consent, otherwise amend in a way adversely affects Collegium’s rights hereunder with respect Licensed Technology without prior written consent an officer Collegium.
The Agreement contains the entire agreement between Me and Company with respect to subject matter of Agreement. may be amended only by a written instrument signed Company. All payments to be made by any Guarantor pursuant this Guaranty shall in Dollars, immediately available funds the Administrative Agent at Principal Office, not later than 2:00 p.m. New York City time on date of demand therefor.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be determined by court competent jurisdiction to unenforceable or otherwise invalid as written, the same enforced and validated extent permitted law. All provisions are severable, unenforceability invalidity single hereof not affect remaining provisions. This Note shall survive until the later of date on which this has been repaid or converted in full.
All corporate action on the part of Company and GMS necessary for authorization, execution delivery this Agreement, issuance sale Shares Warrant performance all obligations hereunder under has been taken. This Agreement duly executed delivered by constitutes valid binding obligation enforceable against in accordance with its terms, except as limited (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws general application affecting enforcement creditors’ rights, (ii) principles equity that restrict availability equitable remedies.
Each of the parties hereto shall perform such further acts and execute documents as may reasonably be necessary to carry out give full effect provisions this Agreement intentions reflected thereby. Seller, Guarantor and their respective Subsidiaries shall timely file all tax returns that are required to be filed by them pay Taxes due, except for any such as being appropriately contested in good faith appropriate proceedings diligently conducted with respect which adequate reserves have been provided.
Each party will, from time to time, execute, acknowledge and deliver such further instruments, perform additional acts, as the other parties may reasonably request in order effectuate intent of this Agreement, provided that requested shall have no obligation undertake any action requiring expenditure “out pocket” costs (unless otherwise required by Agreement) unless requesting agrees pay if incurred. This Section 17(L) will survive for a period three (3) years following Closing.
The term of the Executive’s employment under this Agreement will commence on Effective Date, and end third anniversary Date (the “Initial Term”), thereafter shall continue from year to for additional one-year terms “Additional Terms”), unless until either party give notice such party’s intent terminate not less than 60 days prior then-current Initial Term or Additional Term, which termination be effective at expiration said term, sooner terminated as hereinafter set forth.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers recognized financial responsibility against such losses risks in amounts as management the believes to be prudent customary businesses which engaged. Neither nor any Subsidiary has reason believe that it will not able renew existing insurance coverage when expires or obtain similar from may necessary continue business at a cost would have Material Adverse Effect. Upon written request provide Buyer true correct copies all policies relating directors’ officers’ liability coverage, errors omissions commercial general coverage.
Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) elimination of applicable giving rise thereto (including by termination Defaulting Lender status Revolving (or, as appropriate, its assignee compliance with Section 11.06(b)(vi) )) (ii) determination Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer that there exists excess Collateral; , however (A) any such release without prejudice to, disbursement transfer remain subject Lien conferred under Loan Documents provisions Documents, (B) Person providing may agree not but instead held support future anticipated obligations.
The termination of the Warrant Transactions and Confirmations with respect to a Tranche Warrants contemplated by this Termination Agreement shall be effective only upon occurrence Observation Date for such Warrants. No previous waiver and no failure or delay by Administrative Agent Lenders in acting with respect to the terms of Existing Note this Agreement shall constitute a any breach, default, condition under Note, obligations secured thereby. A term thereby must be made writing limited express written such waiver.
Not, and not permit any other Loan Party or Subsidiary of to, enter into, cause, suffer to exist material transaction, arrangement contract with its Affiliates (other than the Parties Subsidiaries Parties) which is entered into in good faith, at arm’s length and/or on commercially reasonable terms; provided that this provision shall prohibit (1) transaction a Person would constitute an Affiliate solely because owns Capital Securities otherwise controls such person (2) has been approved, by majority disinterested directors Borrower relevant (or applicable committee thereof).
The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain, have maintained without interruption for the last three (3) years, policies covering risks events in amounts adequate customary industry which operate. There are no outstanding material unpaid claims under any such policy, neither nor of has received (a) refusal coverage or notice that a defense will be afforded with reservation rights, (b) cancellation non-renewal policy binder.
Company acknowledges and agrees that irreparable damage may occur to Investor in the event fails perform any material provision of this Agreement or other Transaction Documents accordance with its specific terms. It is accordingly agreed shall be entitled an injunction injunctions prevent cure breaches such Document enforce specifically terms provisions hereof thereof, being addition remedy which under Documents, at law equity. For avoidance doubt, seeks obtain against performance Document, action not a waiver right law, equity, including without limitation rights arbitrate Claim pursuant Documents.
Except for Convergence Healthcare Advisors, LLC principals acting in their capacity as licensed securities agents of M&A Securities Group, Inc., no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder’s other fee commission connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement Ancillary Document based upon arrangements made on behalf Company.
This Seventh Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall deemed to an original and all constitute one the same instrument. Executive’s annual salary will be $390,000 (the “ Base Salary ”), paid in accordance with the Company’s payroll practices as effect from time to time. The reviewed annually by Compensation Committee of Board ”).
Except as otherwise set forth herein, so long your service on the Board continues, Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with schedule stated Award Notification. If is terminated prior to date have vested for any reason other than Cause, a pro rata portion (based length of during vesting period) will such termination date. Vesting Date all be forfeited termination.
Except as otherwise permitted under Section 7.3 or 7.4 , at all times maintain and preserve in full force effect (a) its existence (including being good standing, to the extent such concept exists, jurisdiction of organization) (b) rights franchises, licenses permits material business; provided however that no Loan Party nor any Subsidiaries shall be required right franchise, if (i) Person determine preservation thereof is longer desirable conduct business Person, loss not disadvantageous respect Agent Lenders (ii) failure do so would reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Change.
You are not a party to any existing agreement or employment with an entity that would prevent you from entering into and performing this Agreement in accordance its terms, including, without limitation, subjecting non- competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality covenant, except as identified Attachment A hereto; will enter other is conflict your obligations under Agreement.
Each Person that is a party to this Agreement hereby agrees such will vote, or cause be voted, all voting securities of the Company, Holdings Opco as applicable, over which has power vote direct voting, and take other necessary desirable action within Person’s control, including by approving causing amendment certificate incorporation Holdings, give effect provisions carry out purpose Certificate Designations.
Each Party shall be entitled to specific performance in the event other fails perform any of its obligations which are conditions Closing. The headings of the sections Certificate Designation are for convenience reference only and shall not define, limit or affect any provisions hereof. THIS FOURTH AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF STATE TEXAS.
All real estate taxes and assessments (“ Taxes ”) assessed against the Property for year of Closing shall be prorated as follows: Seller will responsible payment applicable to period before Date, Buyer on after with recognition that taxing jurisdictions in Alabama differ upon their treatment assessment municipal school taxes. If actual cannot determined such then parties make proration based One Hundred Ten percent (110%) most recently issued tax bill thereafter, a final adjustment receipt bill. The provisions this Section 17(a)(1) survive Closing.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Company’s successors assigns. In the event that any court having jurisdiction over this Agreement determines one or more of provisions contained in shall be unenforceable respect, such provision deemed limited and restricted to portions are enforceable. The invalidity unenforceability not affect validity enforceability other provision.
This Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with DIP Orders, constitute entire contract between parties relative to subject matter hereof. Any previous agreement among respect hereof is superseded by this Agreement, Documents Orders. Nothing in or expressed implied, intended confer upon any Person (other than hereto thereto, their respective successors assigns permitted hereunder and, extent expressly contemplated hereby, Related Parties of each Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent Lenders) rights, remedies, obligations liabilities under reason Documents. In event conflict Document Orders shall control.
In the event of Executive’s death occurring on or after Termination Date, Brixmor shall provide amounts in Section 2 that have not previously been paid to Executive beneficiary designated by writing (which designation, where applicable, be effected accordance with terms and conditions applicable plan documents procedures) or, if no such named living at time his death, estate.
This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and agreements documents referred to herein are intended by parties as a final expression of their agreement be complete exclusive statement understanding hereto in respect subject matter contained therein. There no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, than those set forth with rights granted Partnership any its Affiliates Purchasers respective therein supersede all prior understandings between such matter.
Any costs and expenses incurred by Medgenics in connection with the assignments transfers made under this Section 11.4 will be borne Medgenics. Notices delivered in connection with this Guaranty shall be given accordance Section 20 of the Repurchase Agreement. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon, and enforceable by Company its successors assigns. The Optionee not assign (except as provided Section 9 hereof) any part of this without prior express written consent Company.
Each Party shall maintain, and require its Affiliates sublicensees hereunder to a general liability product insurance program on terms customary in the animal health industry for products similar Products covering all activities obligations of it, and, as case may be, Affiliates, hereunder, or other programs with comparable coverage, up beyond expiration termination this Agreement during (i) period that any Product is being commercially distributed sold by Party, Sublicensees, (ii) reasonable thereafter.
A Party affected by an Excuse event shall use reasonable efforts to overcome the as promptly possible and notify other of within 15 days its occurrence. Toe notice shall: (a) describe in detail; explain why was not reasonably control could have been prevented or exercise diligence; (c) state expected duration event. If a fails give this 15-day period, will excuse only performance due on after date which is actually received Party.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of State Colorado, without regard to its conflicts law provisions. Venue for any action concerning this or subject matter solely federal state courts located City County Denver, Colorado. The Notice of Grant may be executed in counterparts, each which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute one and the same instrument.
Each of the Borrower Subsidiaries (i) is a corporation, limited partnership, general liability company or trust duly organized under laws its State organization and validly existing in good standing thereof, (ii) has all requisite power to own property conduct business as now conducted presently contemplated except where failure be so qualified would not reasonably likely have Material Adverse Effect (iii) authorized do jurisdiction formation each Collateral Property owned leased by it (to extent required applicable law), other Effect.
The term “disability”, as used herein, shall refer to the Participant’s inability because of physical or mental illness incapacity, whether partial total, with without reasonable accommodation, perform duties Company for a continuous period at least three (3) months an aggregate ninety (90) days within any twelve (12) month period. Any initially capitalized term that is given a special meaning by this Article 1, the Summary, or any other provision of Lease (including exhibits attached hereto) shall have such when used in addendum amendment hereto unless otherwise clearly indicated context.
Pledgor shall execute and acknowledge (or cause to be executed acknowledged) deliver Pledgee all documents, take actions, reasonably required by from time confirm the rights created or now hereafter intended under this Pledge Agreement, protect further validity enforceability of Agreement otherwise carry out purposes Agreement. This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each which shall an original and all which, taken together, constitute a single instrument. executed by facsimile signature or other electronic submission such signatures effective as originals.
Except as specifically provided pursuant to Section 3(a) above or the Committee determines otherwise in its sole discretion, Participant will completely forfeit his her right respect of this Agreement, any Restricted Shares that may be granted hereunder and all voting dividend rights (and shall receive no consideration from Company on account such forfeiture damages compensation for loss Agreement hereunder) if employment with Subsidiaries terminates reason whatsoever (whether lawfully breach) before April 16, 2018.
Neither Party may assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of other, except that Company including, but not limited to, non-competition covenant in Paragraph 1(d), to any entity acquiring all or substantially assets business which Employee is primarily employed. A Director’s RSUs shall be credited with dividend equivalents in the same manner as set forth respect to Stock Equivalents Subparagraph 6(b) and subject adjustment 6(d). Any additional a Director pursuant this provision terms, conditions, limitations restrictions original grant of instrument evidencing award.
EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT THEORY). (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER, AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
The royalties, milestones and other amounts payable by a Party to the pursuant this Agreement (“ Payments ”) shall not be reduced on account of any Taxes unless required Applicable Law. receiving alone responsible for paying all (other than withholding taxes Law paid Party) levied of, or measured in whole part reference to, it receives.
Subject to applicable law, Executive will be provided indemnification the maximum extent permitted by Company's Bylaws and Articles of Incorporation, including coverage, if applicable, under any directors officers insurance policies, with such determined Board or its committees in good faith based on principles consistently applied (subject limited exceptions as may approve cases hardship) terms no less favorable than other Company executive officer director.
HEP has all necessary partnership power and authority to execute, deliver perform its obligations under the Basic Documents Purchase Documents; execution, delivery performance by of have been duly authorized action on part; constitute legal, valid binding HEP, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally or general principles equity.
Except as set forth in Section 3(b), the event Participant’s employment with Company and its subsidiaries is terminated for any reason other than of (i) involuntary termination (including by disability or death) Subsidiaries Cause (as defined Employment Agreement), (ii) voluntary Participant Good Reason, unvested Restricted Shares will be forfeited immediately certificate(s) representing cancelled well right to grants that are not yet effective.
Each party’s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Administrative Agent any assignment rights by, of, Lender L/C Issuer, termination Commitments and repayment, satisfaction discharge all other Obligations. In case any one or more of the provisions this Warrant shall be invalid unenforceable in respect, validity and enforceability remaining terms not way affected impaired thereby, Company Holder will attempt good faith to agree upon a valid enforceable provision which reasonable substitute therefor, so agreeing, incorporate such Warrant.
If (a) the interest on any Loan, commitment or other fee, Obligation not listed in subpart (b) hereof, shall be paid full within three Business Days after they have become due and payable, principal of reimbursement obligation under Letter Credit that has been drawn, amount owing pursuant to Section 2.13(a), (c) hereof when payable.
Following the Separation Date, Executive shall be permitted to retain Company-owned lap-top computer, computer screen, iPad and iPhone currently being used by Executive, provided responsible for all post-Separation Date cell-phone data charges, allow Company remove information programs from such equipment. The Executive’s unvested stock awards will become 100% vested on December 31, 2016. agrees that following Transition may join board of a public or private company.
Landlord’s delay, waiver, or non-enforcement of acceleration, contractual statutory lien, rental due date, any other right will not be deemed a waiver subsequent breach by Tenant term in lease. Effective as of the Date, Employer shall employ Employee, and Employee serve, Employer's Senior Vice President – Drug Development on terms set forth herein.
THIS JOINDER AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND GOVERNED BY, THE LAWS OF STATE DELAWARE APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE PERFORMED WHOLLY WITHIN DELAWARE. The provisions of this Agreement shall not survive the termination or Executive’s employment hereunder, except that Sections (6) through (10) hereof such and be binding upon Executive, personal representative and/or spouse, Company, Company’s successors assigns.
There is no action, lawsuit, administrative proceeding, condemnation, arbitration, investigation or other proceeding pending against either the Business LLCs at law in equity, before any court, arbitrative panel, governmental regulatory agency authority. Each party shall execute and deliver any additional documents take such further actions as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to carry out all of the provisions hereof, including parties’ obligations under this Agreement, including, without limitation, vest in Parent power vote Shares extent contemplated by Section 1 .
All notices pursuant to this Agreement will be in writing and either (a) delivered by hand, (b) mailed United States certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (c) sent an internationally recognized courier that maintains evidence of delivery receipt. other communications directed the parties’ respective addresses set forth on signature page (or such as party may designate notice other).
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4 hereof, the term of Executive’s employment under this Agreement shall be two-year period commencing on Effective Date and ending second anniversary (the " Scheduled Termination "), provided that may by either Executive or Company at any time for reason no reason, but subject to notice other requirements set forth time, is until termination Executive's (but event later than referred herein as Term ").
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable by a court authority competent jurisdiction, such shall modified the minimum extent necessary make it valid, legal and enforceable. cannot so modified, severed all other provisions remain in full force effect. illegal, invalid unenforceable, Parties also agree negotiate reasonably good faith modify with new that approximates intent purpose original as closely possible, without being unenforceable.
This Agreement and the rights obligations of each Party under this will not be assignable, delegable, transferable, pledged or otherwise disposed by either without prior written consent other Party; provided , however that may assign transfer Agreement, such (but with notice to Party), (a) an Affiliate (b) a Third acquires all substantially business assets at least 50% combined voting power Party, whether merger, consolidation, reorganization, acquisition, sale otherwise. If is assigned transferred Affiliate, assigning transferring remain responsible (jointly severally) for performance obligations. No assignment Party’s valid effective unless until assignee agrees in writing bound terms conditions Agreement.
(1) There has been furnished to each of the Lenders an audited consolidated balance sheet Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at Balance Sheet Date, statements income cash flow for fiscal year then ended, certified by Ernst & Young LLP. Such flows have prepared in accordance with GAAP fairly present financial condition close business on date thereof results operations ended. are no contingent liabilities or any such involving material amounts, known officers Borrower, which were not disclosed notes related thereto.
All notices hereunder shall be in writing and delivered by email, facsimile, courier or registered certified mail (return receipt requested) to the email address, address facsimile number (or at such other as specified like notice) set forth on Exhibit D hereto. Any notice, if mailed properly addressed with postage prepaid sent pre-paid service, deemed given when received; any transmitted sent, provided that notice communication is not during normal business hours of recipient, have been opening next day for recipient.
Neither the Borrower nor Parent will, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer property assets purchase, acquire from, engage in other transactions with, Affiliates, except (a) ordinary course business at prices on terms conditions less favorable to such Subsidiary than could be obtained an arm’s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) between among wholly owned involving Affiliate, (c) related closing ongoing activities necessary implement loan obligations requirements this Agreement, (d) Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.05 .
The Purchaser has no liability or obligation to pay any fees commissions broker, finder, advisor agent with respect the transactions contemplated hereunder for which of Sellers may become liable. The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence of insurance coverage in form, scope, and substance reasonably satisfactory to otherwise compliance with the terms Section 5.10 4.12 Security Agreement.
In consideration of the rights granted to Executive hereunder, hereby agrees that during Term this Agreement and at all times after termination his employment with Company , he will hold in confidence information concerning or its business, including, but not limited contract terms, financial information, operating data, business plans models, whether for existing, new developing businesses, any other proprietary (hereinafter, collectively referred as "Proprietary Information"), communicated orally documentary tangible form. The Parties recognize has invested considerable amounts time money attaining described above, unauthorized disclosure release such Proprietary Information form would irreparably harm Company.
The Performance Shares are being issued pursuant to Article 9 of the Plan. subject terms Executive acknowledges receipt Plan booklet which contains entire Plan, and represents warrants that has read Additional copies available upon request during normal business hours at principal executive offices Company. To extent any provision this Agreement violates or is inconsistent with an express shall govern in be no force effect. words “including,” “includes,” “include” as listing non-exclusive examples matters referred to, whether not such “without limitation” “but limited to” used each instance.
On the applicable Closing Date, all direct and indirect costs expenses of Purchasers related to negotiation, due diligence, preparation, closing, other items regarding or this Agreement Documents transactions contemplated herein and/or therein including, but not limited to, legal fees Purchasers’ counsel (collectively, “ Expenses ”), shall be payable from Company Purchasers; subtract their respective Purchase Price paid for purchase Notes Warrants, such Expenses. Although are sole responsibility obligation Company, being subtracted by Purchasesr Prices actually constitute part directly indirectly reduce result in any set-off aggregate principal amount Note a reduction funds owed Purchasers.
The Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, comply with all Requirements of Law applicable to it or its property, except where the failure do so, individually in aggregate, could not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect. The provisions of this Article XV shall survive the Closing or any termination Agreement.
A lump sum payment, within 30 days of Executive’s Death, in an amount equal to the Corporation’s contributions for 12 months towards health and medical benefits any covered spouse or dependent Executive at contribution rate then effect on date death. Notwithstanding foregoing, accordance with Part 6 Title I ERISA, qualified beneficiaries will be eligible elect COBRA continuation coverage group plans connection (c) Equity Awards/Stock Options/Corporation Stock .
CME Guarantor will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations orders any Governmental Authority applicable to it or property, except where the failure do so, individually in aggregate, could not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of state Michigan, excluding its conflict law rules.
Executive shall be entitled to a vacation, in accordance with standard Company policies based on Corporate title and length of service, each year during the Term, which vacation presently four (4) weeks such accrue at rate 13.33 hours for month service under this Agreement. Any time not used may accrued use future years, subject maximum accrual balance exceed 1 1/2 times annual entitlement.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower Administrative Agent, sell participations to Person (other than a natural of Borrower’s Affiliates Subsidiaries) (each, “ Participant ”) in all portion such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitment Loans owing it); provided that (i) shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto for performance and (iii) Borrower, Agent Lenders continue deal directly with connection Agreement. For avoidance doubt, each be indemnity Section 9.04(c) regard existence participation.
If Executive’s employment is terminated voluntarily by Executive or reason of death Disability prior to the end Term, in lieu any other payments benefits, (or estate, as applicable) shall be entitled Accrued Benefits, which Benefits payable within thirty (30) days following termination date. This Amendment Number Twenty-Two may be executed by each of the parties hereto on any number separate counterparts, which shall an original and all taken together constitute one same instrument.
THIS GUARANTY AND THE RIGHTS OBLIGATIONS OF PARTIES THEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, LAWS STATE NEW YORK (THE "GOVERNING LAW STATE") WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT PRINCIPLES (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 5-1402 GENERAL LAW) THEREOF. UNDERSTAND, AGREE ACKNOWLEDGE THAT (1) NEGOTIATION, AGREEMENT PERFORMANCE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS TRANSACTIONS EVIDENCED BY HAVE SIGNIFICANT SUBSTANTIAL CONTACTS WITH GOVERNING STATE, (2) IT IS CONVENIENT BOTH SELECT GOVERN DOCUMENTS, (3) BEAR A REASONABLE CONNECTION (4) CHOICE INTERNAL WAS MADE FOR GOOD VALID REASONS, (5) SUCH CONSTITUTES VALUABLE CONSIDERATION LENDER ENTER INTO HAS ENTERED TRANSACTION RELIANCE ON CHOICE.
The Purchase Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, constitutes the full and complete agreement understanding between Seller ArchCo shall supersede all prior communications, representations, understandings or agreements, if any, whether oral written, concerning subject matter contained in so amended, no provision of may be modified, waived discharged, whole part, except a written instrument executed ArchCo.
Effective as the Date, you shall serve Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Principal Accounting Officer and of Company, be based in Laguna Niguel, California unless otherwise approved by Executive Company. You perform such duties are customarily performed individuals acting these capacities other related may assigned to from time or Board Directors
If before or after Closing it is necessary that any Party be furnished with additional information relating to the Purchased Assets Business, and such in possession of other Party, agrees use its reasonable efforts furnish requesting at Party’s cost expense, make employees available on a mutually convenient basis provide explanation materials. Any disclosure shall subject confidentiality applicable terms agreement which disclosing bound as well Applicable Laws.
The “Effective Date” as used throughout this Agreement means the first calendar day after Revocation Period ends, or on date it is fully executed by parties, whichever later, which terms of shall be effective, enforceable and non-revocable provided that Executive has not timely served a Notice upon Corporation prior to date. Notwithstanding foregoing, may publicly file with SEC before end if determines, in its sole complete discretion, such filing required law.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Administrative Agent an Assignment Assumption, (other than Borrower) pay or cause be paid a processing recordation fee in amount of $3,500; provided , however that may, its sole discretion, elect waive such case any assignment. assignee, if it is not Lender, Questionnaire.
The Company and each Guarantor shall not, not permit any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, form acquire new Subsidiary. Any amendments, deletions, additions, changes or corrections hereto must be in writing executed by the parties hereto. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS OBLIGATIONS OF PARTIES UNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GOVERNED BY LAWS STATE NEW YORK (EXCLUDING ANY CONFLICTS-OF-LAW RULE OR PRINCIPLE THAT MIGHT REFER SAME TO ANOTHER JURISDICTION).
You acknowledge that a breach of this Severance Agreement will cause the Company immediate and irreparable harm for which Company’s remedies at law (such as money damages) be inadequate. The shall have right, in addition to any other rights it may have, obtain an injunction restrain or threatened Agreement. Should provision adjudged extent invalid by competent tribunal, deemed modified necessary make enforceable. contact person with whom you work after your employment ends send copy
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State New York applicable to contracts made performed entirely within that state, except any conveyances leaseholds real property herein respective jurisdictions which such is located. At the Company’s election you shall either (i) be given notice to terminate your employment pursuant Clause 14 of Employment Contract, or (ii) paid in lieu £………… less legally required deductions 14.3 Contract a timely manner, (iii) placed on garden leave during period 14.7 Contract.
Each Credit Party shall have obtained all Governmental Authorizations and consents of other Persons, in each case that are necessary or advisable connection with the transactions contemplated by Documents Related Agreements foregoing be full force effect form substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. All applicable waiting periods expired without any action being taken threatened competent authority which would restrain, prevent otherwise impose adverse conditions on financing thereof no action, request for stay, petition review rehearing, reconsideration, appeal respect pending, time agency take set aside its consent own motion expired.
Tenant shall cause its contractor to provide warranties for not less than one (1) year (or such shorter time as may be customary and available without additional expense Tenant) against defects in workmanship, materials equipment, which run the benefit of Landlord or assignable extent that is obligated maintain any improvements covered by warranties.
Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered as follows, with deemed given indicated: (a) personal delivery, when actually delivered; (b) overnight courier, upon written verification of receipt; (c) certified registered mail, return receipt requested, receipt. Notice sent to the addresses set forth below such other address either party may provide writing.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts. Fax and/or pdf signatures on this shall treated as originals. The Executive’s annual base salary is $324,000 , which subject to review and redetermination by the Company from time time. in effect at any given referred herein as “Base Salary.” Base Salary will be payable a manner that consistent with Company’s usual payroll practices for senior executives.
There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of Loan Parties after due and diligent investigation, threatened contemplated, at law, in equity, arbitration before any Governmental Authority, by against Party its Subsidiaries Securitization Entities properties revenues that (a) purport affect pertain this Agreement other Document, transactions contemplated hereby, (b) either individually aggregate, if determined adversely, could reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect.
In addition to being entitled exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each the Purchasers and Company may be specific performance under Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages not adequate compensation for any loss incurred reason breach obligations contained in Documents hereby waive assert action such obligation defense a remedy at law would adequate.
Any and all notices or other communications deliveries required permitted to be provided hereunder shall in writing deemed given effective on the earliest of (a) date transmission, if such notice communication is delivered via email at address set forth signature pages attached hereto facsimile number prior 5:30 p.m. (New Pittsburgh, PA time) a Trading Day, (b) next Day after day that not later than (Pittsburgh, any (c) second (2 nd ) following mailing, sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, (d) upon actual receipt party whom given. The for as hereto.
(a) The Borrower agrees to pay the Administrative Agent for account of each Revolving Lender a commitment fee (the “ Facility Commitment Fee ”), which shall accrue at Applicable Rate on average daily unused amount such during period from and including Effective Date but excluding date Commitments terminate. Accrued fees be payable in arrears last day March, June, September December year terminate, commencing first occur after hereof. All computed basis 360 days actual number elapsed (including day). For purposes computing fees, deemed used extent outstanding Loans LC Exposure Lender.
During the Employment Period, Executive shall serve as Company’s Senior Vice President, Sales & Marketing and such other positions an officer or director of Company affiliates board directors (the “ Board ”) BakerCorp International Holdings, Inc. (“ Parent mutually agree from time to time, have customary duties associated with positions. The report directly Chief Officer Company. principal place employment, office, be Executive’s home in Lexington, Kentucky, although acknowledges that a core function his will require him spend majority working traveling on business (e.g., visiting branch locations, corporate headquarters Plano, Texas customer locations).
Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and sufficiently given if personally delivered sent by telegram, telex, facsimile transmission registered certified mail, postage prepaid, with return receipt requested, as follows: If to the Company: Penske Automotive Group, Inc. , 2555 Telegraph Road Bloomfield Hills, Michigan 48302 Facsimile: (248) 648-2515 Attn: Shane M. Spradlin ; such other address attention of person Company designate written Grantee; i f Grantee at set forth below company. deemed have been time thereof party whom is given.
This Agreement shall become effective eight (8) days following the date on which Mr. Lumsdaine executes provided that he pro v ides Healthways w i th signed document and does not revoke it (" Effective Date "). This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will considered one and the same agreement become effective when counterparts have been signed by Parties delivered to Engine (in case Company) Company a member Group) (including means electronic delivery facsimile).
Shipper agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Gatherer from any all Losses arising or out of personal injury property damage attributable Shipper’s Crude Oil when shall be deemed in control possession as provided Section 10.3. THE INDEMNITIES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 10.4 ARE TO BE CONSTRUED WITHOUT REGARD CAUSES THEREOF, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OF ANY INDEMNIFIED PARTY, WHETHER SUCH SOLE, JOINT, OR CONCURRENT, ACTIVE PASSIVE, STRICT LIABILITY PARTY OTHER PERSON. Each Party that its voluntary mutual indemnity agreement will supported by insurance such not a cap on liability.
During the Term (as defined below), Executive shall serve Company as President - Industry Relations or in such other capacity Board determine. comply with policies of may be effect from time to for executive officers, including, without limitation, Company’s regarding confidentiality, ownership intellectual property, drug testing, discrimination and harassment, ethical conduct. have duties, authorities responsibilities Chief Officer designate that are consistent Executive’s position.
Directly or indirectly, use any Credit Extension the proceeds of Extension, lend, contribute otherwise make available such to Person, fund activities business with in Designated Jurisdiction, that, at time funding, is subject Sanctions, other manner that will result a violation by Person (including participating transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, Swing Line otherwise) Sanctions.
Purchaser and Seller jointly severally agree to (i) assume all obligations imposed now or hereafter by any applicable tax law regulation with respect payments performance under this Agreement, (ii) request the Escrow Agent in writing withholding other taxes, assessments governmental charges, advise certifications reporting that may be required laws regulations, (iii) indemnify hold harmless pursuant Section 11 hereof from liability obligation on account of assessments, additions for late payment, interest, penalties, expenses charges assessed asserted against Agent.
Purchaser has the requisite power to enter into this Agreement and consummate transactions contemplated hereby. The entry Transaction Documents, consummation of thereby, have been duly authorized by Purchaser. Each Documents which is a party executed delivered The Borrower shall not, nor it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into Sale and Leaseback Transaction, other than Transactions in respect of which the Net Proceeds received connection therewith does not exceed an aggregate amount $25,000,000 during term this Agreement, determined on a consolidated basis for its Subsidiaries.
This Agreement (including the Exhibits hereto), together with Series C Certificate of Amendment, D Amendment and Investment Agreement, constitutes entire agreement, supersedes all other prior agreements, understandings, representations warranties, both written oral, between parties, respect to subject matter hereof; provided , that nothing herein shall limit, restrict, prevent or supersede Transaction Documents (as defined in North American Agreement), serve as a consent waiver thereunder.
Neither the failure nor any delay on part of a party to exercise right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as waiver thereof ; single partial preclude other further same with respect occurrence be construed such . No effective unless it is in writing and signed by asserted have granted
During the Term, Company shall pay to Executive a base salary (the “ Base Salary ”) at rate of $250,000 per calendar year, less applicable deductions. The be reviewed for increase by Board no frequently than annually and may increased in discretion Board, any such adjusted constitute “Base Salary” purposes this Agreement. paid substantially equal installments accordance with Company’s regular payroll procedures.
All notices, requests, demands or other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and deemed to have been properly given five (5) days after the date sent by certified mail, addressed parties at their respective addresses hereinabove set forth, with a copy Star Mountain Resources, Inc., 8307 Shaffer Parkway, Suite 102, Littleton, Coloardo 80127 Attn. Chief Financial Officer Legal & Compliance, LLC, 330 Clematis Street, 217, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 Laura Anthony, Esq. Lazarus Rothstein, such as may designate writing. Debtor immediately notify Secured Party of any change address discontinuance place business Debtor.
Subscriber agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, Manager their respective officers, directors, stockholders, employees, other members of all representatives agents, from against any damages, losses, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) that they may incur by reason undersigned’s failure fulfill terms or conditions this Subscription Agreement, breach representations warranties made in Agreement document provided Company.
The failure of either party to insist upon strict performance any the terms or provisions this Agreement exercise option, right remedy herein contained, shall not be construed as a waiver relinquishment for future such term, provision, remedy, but same continue and remain in full force effect. No by hereof deemed have been made unless expressed writing signed party.
Any notice required to be delivered the Company under this Exercise Notice shall in writing and addressed Chief Financial Officer of at Company’s principal corporate offices. Participant Participant’s address as set forth above. Either party may designate another (or by such other method approved Company) from time time. Borrowers have conducted their businesses in compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, UK Bribery 2010, and other similar anti-corruption legislation jurisdictions instituted maintained policies procedures designed to promote achieve such laws.
The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event any of provisions this Agreement were not performed accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached. Each party agrees that, breach threatened by other covenant obligation contained Agreement, non-breaching shall be entitled (in addition to remedy may available it whether law equity, including monetary damages) (i) an Order performance enforce observance such obligation, (ii) injunction restraining breach. further no Person required obtain, furnish post bond similar instrument connection as a condition obtaining referred Section 8(i) , each irrevocably waives right have require obtaining, furnishing posting instrument.
Parent (a) will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, do or to be done all things necessary obtain, preserve, renew keep in full force effect its legal existence the rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, Intellectual Property, case that are material conduct of business (b) Broker-Dealer maintain Licenses Memberships Registrations for normal business, except, case, extent (other than with respect preservation Borrower) failure so could not reasonably expected have a Material Adverse Effect; provided foregoing shall prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 Disposition by 6.05.
Consultant has reviewed information provided by the Company in connection with decision to receive Stock, including Consultant’s publicly-available filings SEC. The all that requested accept Shares as compensation. further represents had an opportunity ask questions and answers from regarding business, properties, prospects financial condition of Company. All such have been answered full satisfaction Consultant.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Plan, all elections and notices of every kind shall be made on forms prepared by Company or Secretary Assistant Secretary, their respective delegates such other manner as permitted required delegates, including but not limited through electronic means, over Internet otherwise. An election deemed when received (or its designated agent, only cases where agent has been appointed for purpose receiving election), which may waive any defects form. The limit time an advance deadline.
The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have timely filed or caused to be all Federal state income tax returns other material that are required by them, paid taxes shown due payable on such any assessments made against it Property taxes, fees charges imposed of Governmental Authority, except (i) where the same currently being contested in good faith appropriate proceedings for which Subsidiary, as case may be, has set aside books adequate reserves accordance with GAAP, (ii) extent failure do so could not reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
Except as set forth on the attached Schedule 5(b) , neither execution and delivery of this Agreement or Ancillary Agreements, nor performance consummation any obligations transactions under will (with without notice lapse time both): (i) conflict with violate organizational documents Seller law regulation applicable to Seller, (ii) contract which is a party by Assets bound; (iii) result in Encumbrance Assets. not required give to, obtain consent license from make filing person entity (including governmental authority) connection with, order prevent breach of, default under, termination modification right exercise Asset Agreements Agreements.
This Note may not be modified or amended in any manner except a writing executed by the Maker and Holder. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true correct in all material respects when made on First Closing Date (unless as a specific date therein). The Lenders, the Administrative Agent and joint lead arrangers shall have received all fees required to be paid, expenses for which invoices been presented (including reasonable of legal counsel), on or before Closing Date.
Contractor shall comply with all Federal, State, and Local Laws ordinances relevant to the conduct of business at location . Retailer will obtain any licenses necessary for operation a retail motor fuel service station location, Contractor's independent (i e bays or convenience store) location. The General Partner and Cousins represent warrant that the Merger, if consummated, will not have a material adverse effect on ability of to perform its obligations pursuant Partnership Agreement.
The Debtor will upon demand pay to the Secured Party amount of any and all reasonable expenses, including fees disbursements its counsel experts agents, which may incur in connection with: (a) custody, preservation, use or operation of, sale collection from, other realization upon, Collateral; (b) exercise enforcement rights hereunder; (c) failure by perform observe provisions hereof.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement of parties hereto with respect to terms and conditions Executive’s employment supersedes any all prior agreements understandings, whether written or oral, between Company compensation due for services rendered hereunder, including but not limited Employment Agreement, dated February 27, 2013, Executive Company. All provisions of this Agreement are intended to be interpreted and construed in a manner make such valid, legal, enforceable. If any portion or term is held unenforceable by court competent jurisdiction, the remainder shall not affected remain fully force The terms contractual, merely recital.
In the event that a Third Party at any time provides written notice of claim to, or brings an action, suit proceeding against, Party, their respective Affiliates Sublicensees, claiming infringement such Party’s patent rights unauthorized use misappropriation its know-how based upon assertion arising out Development, Manufacture Commercialization Licensed Product in Territory (“ Infringement Claim ”), shall promptly notify other commencement proceeding, enclosing copy and all papers served. Each agrees to make available advice counsel regarding technical merits no cost offer reasonable assistance Party.
All representations and warranties of the Loan Parties contained herein or made in connection herewith shall survive execution delivery this Agreement, completion transactions hereunder Payment In Full. covenants agreements Borrower relating to payment principal, interest, premiums, additional compensation expenses indemnification, including those set forth Notes, Article 5 [Payments] Section 11.3 [Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver], other continue full force effect from after date hereof until
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, whenever Agreement any of the parties hereto is referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include successors and permitted assigns party, that Borrower may not assign its obligations hereunder except in, accordance with, Loan Agreement. All covenants promises agreements contained, by or on behalf Borrower, inure benefit Lender assigns.
This Agreement and this SAR shall be governed by construed in accordance with the laws of State Delaware. This writing contains the entire Agreement between Ms. Nielsen and Bank can only be modified in a signed by both parties. The parties hereby acknowledge that this supersedes all prior agreements entered into Nielsen, with exception of confidentiality provisions Sound Community Employee Handbook dated January 2016 which will survive.
Pay and discharge all taxes, assessments, levies governmental charges upon the Credit Parties, their income property, prior to date on which penalties are attached thereto; provided, however, that Parties may in good faith contest any such or so long as is diligently pursued no lien execution exists levied against of Parties’ assets related contested items.
This Guaranty may be executed in any number of counterparts (and by different parties hereto counterparts), each which shall constitute an original but all which, when taken together, a single contract. Delivery counterpart signature page to this facsimile or other electronic image scan transmission (e.g., “pdf” “tif” via email) as effective delivery manually Guaranty.
The Borrower hereby ratifies the indemnification provisions contained in Loan Documents, including, without limitation, Section 9.03 of Credit Agreement, and agrees that this Amendment losses, claims, damages expenses related thereto shall be covered by such indemnities. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done performed, all such further acts things, execute deliver other agreements, certificates, instruments, documents, as the may reasonably request in order carry out intent accomplish purposes of this Agreement consummation transactions contemplated hereby.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in Documents certificates or other instruments delivered connection with pursuant to this Guaranty Agreement any Document shall be considered have been relied upon parties hereto survive execution delivery of making Loans issuance Letters Credit, regardless investigation such party on its behalf notwithstanding that Administrative Agent Lender Party may had notice knowledge Default incorrect representation warranty at time credit is extended hereunder, continue full force effect until Obligations Fully Satisfied.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS AGREEMENT OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT BANKING SERVICES TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT THEORY). (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
The Transaction Documents contain a final and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties hereto with respect to subject matter thereof shall constitute entire agreement among thereof, superseding oral written understandings. There are no unwritten agreements transactions described in Transactions Documents. The dispute resolution, governing law, jurisdiction, venue, process and notice provisions set forth in the Agreement are incorporated herein by reference.
The representations and warranties of the Company Aspire contained in Sections 2, 3 5 hereof, indemnification provisions set forth Section 6 hereof agreements covenants 4 8 shall survive execution this Agreement transactions contemplated herein or any termination Agreement. (a) Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of or interest on Term Loan within three Business Days after such becomes due in accordance with the terms hereof (b) other amount payable hereunder under Credit Document five thereof.
The closing of the Transactions (the “ Closing ”) shall take place at offices Cooley LLP, Grace Building, 1114 Avenue Americas, New York, York 10013-7798, 10:00 a.m., time, on third (3rd) Business Day following satisfaction or waiver conditions set forth in Section 3.2 and 3.3 (other than those that by their terms must be satisfied Date, such date time as Buyer Seller mutually agree (such which occurs, Date ”)). may conducted mail, courier electronic means.
The Company and each Holder hereby agree that (i) contemporaneous with the closing of merger between Lilis Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary Company, Brushy Resources, Inc. (the “ Conversion Date ”), will be deemed to have converted such Holder’s Notes without any further action by Holder, into shares Common Stock ”) as determined dividing aggregate principal amount $0.11 (ii) in consideration forgoing on Date, right payments owed accrued unpaid interest (whether cash or kind) is waived forfeited no due payable. Except amended hereby, all terms conditions Note shall remain full force effect.
Effective as of the Date, Company shall continue to employ Executive for period and in position set forth this Section 1 , subject other terms conditions herein provided. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that money damages may not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the provisions this Agreement party will have right to injunctive relief, in addition all its other rights remedies at law or equity, enforce Agreement.
Except as set forth on Schedule 6.1(d), there is no action, suit, claim, investigation, arbitration, mediation or proceeding (collectively, applicable, “ Proceeding ”) pending or, to such Party’s actual knowledge, threatened, which questions the validity propriety of this Agreement any action taken be by Party in connection with Agreement, would reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Change respect Party.
This Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until the eighth (8 th ) day after you sign this Agreement. You may revoke your acceptance of within seven (7) days date it. revocation must be in writing and received by to Lori Stahl at 525 Race Street, San Jose, CA 95126, via fax (408) 882-5105 email at: hr@vocera.com 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time on seventh (7 order effective. If do period, will binding (the “Effective Date”).
Any Manager may participate in a meeting of the Board by means telephone or video conference other communications device that permits all Managers participating to hear each other, and participation such shall constitute presence person at meeting. A vote be present either proxy, proxy granted writing, Electronic Transmission as otherwise permitted Applicable Law.
Indemnity; Damage Waiver . For purposes of this Section 2.16 , the term “Lender” includes any Issuing Bank and “applicable law” FATCA. This Amended and Restated Plan shall become effective as of December 3, 2015 (the "Effective Date"). Keep adequate records and books of account, in which complete entries will be made accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied.
Each Party acknowledges and agrees that irreparable injury to the other hereto would occur in event any of provisions this Agreement were not performed accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached such be adequately compensable by remedies available at law (including payment money damages). It is accordingly agreed each (the “ Moving ”), shall entitled enforcement of, injunctive relief prevent violation hereof, will take action, directly indirectly, opposition seeking on grounds remedy equity. further no Person required obtain, furnish post bond similar instrument connection as a condition obtaining referred Section 10. This 10 exclusive for Agreement.
(a) Subject to Article VII , unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Company and Requisite Commitment Parties, closing of Backstop Commitments (the “ Closing ”) shall take place at offices Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP, 28 Liberty Street, New York, York 10005, 11:00 a.m., City time, within three (3) Business Days date on which all conditions set forth have been satisfied or waived accordance with this Agreement (other than that by their terms are be Closing, but subject satisfaction waiver such conditions). The actually occurs referred herein as Date ”.
Any provision of this Eighth Amendment held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as such jurisdiction, ineffective the extent invalidity, illegality unenforceability without affecting validity, legality and enforceability remaining provisions hereof thereof; invalidity a particular shall not invalidate other jurisdiction. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, any one of which need not contain the signatures than Party, but all such counterparts taken together will constitute and same Agreement.
So long as any of the Debentures remain outstanding, Company will maintain in Wilmington, Delaware, an office or agency where may be presented for payment, registration transfer and exchange this Indenture provided notices demands to upon respect served. The give Trustee written notice location such change thereof. Until otherwise designated from time by a Trustee, specified contemplated Section 2.5, all above purposes shall Trustee. In case fail thereof, presentations made served at Principal Office
The Optionee acknowledges that a waiver by the Corporation of breach any provision this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as other Agreement, subsequent Optionee. Each party will be solely responsible for its fees and expenses in connection with this Agreement, including the of their respective attorneys, accountants, investment bankers consultants. In any action or proceeding brought to enforce provision successful shall entitled recover reasonable attorney’s addition other available remedy.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all constitute one and the same Agreement. Licensor Licensee agree that delivery copy this by facsimile attachment to e-mail legal binding on transmitting party have full force effect as if original had been delivered.
This Amendment shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of State Delaware (without regard to conflict principles), all rights and remedies being governed by such laws. The Participant acknowledges that the Phantom Units are subject to modification and forfeiture in certain events as provided this Agreement Section 7 of Plan. further Units, DERs issuable hereunder, whether vested or unvested not previously issued, clawback 8(o)
In the event a Participant becomes Disabled during Participant’s Service, such Vested Account shall be distributed as of date Disability and any portion that is not vested will forfeited. No waiver by either party of any breach the other condition or provision contained in this Agreement to be fulfilled performed such shall deemed a similar dissimilar at same prior subsequent time.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS AGREEMENT OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT THEORY). (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 9.11 .
Employee will be entitled to four weeks of vacation each year, in addition the 10 paid holidays year. Immediately when all conditions set forth in Section II.C have been fully satisfied, Company will issue and sell to Investor purchase 51 Preferred Shares by payment of $500,000.00 cash, an additional 204 delivery the Note $5,000.00 wire transfer immediately available funds account designated Company.
If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court law to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) that shall deemed amended achieve as nearly possible the same economic effect original provision, and (b) legality, validity enforceability remaining provisions not affected impaired thereby. This Agreement shall be construed and administered in accordance with the laws of North Carolina, without regard to principles conflicts law which might otherwise apply, except that Section 17 governed by Federal Arbitration Act, extent applicable, Carolina Act does not apply.
In addition to reimbursement for business expenses incurred by Menzel in the normal and ordinary course of his employment Company pursuant Company’s standard expense policies procedures, shall reimburse full amount medical insurance costs should he elect participate program(s). Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed an this Agreement extent that is applicable hereto; provided , however no adversely affect Optionee’s rights with respect Option without consent and not required necessary by Corporation ensure compliance Section 10D of Exchange Act.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, Seller, on the one hand, and Purchaser, other will each bear its own costs expenses incurred connection with preparation, execution performance of Agreement Transaction contemplated hereby including all fees agents, representatives, financial advisors, legal counsel accountants. As compensation for the performance of duties hereunder, Company shall pay to Employee an annual Base Salary $1,000,000.
Borrower shall maintain, for itself and its Subsidiaries, general liability insurance with companies reasonably acceptable to Lender in such amounts, terms covering risks as are usually carried by engaged the same or similar business similarly situated, make increases type amount of coverage may request. At request Lender, copies policies (or other proof compliance this subsection be satisfactory Lender) delivered show mortgagee under a standard mortgage clause lender loss payee.
To the extent required by Section 10.04 of Credit Agreement, Borrower agrees to reimburse Administrative Agent for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses in connection with preparation, execution delivery this Amendment, including without limitation fees Moore & Van Allen, PLLC. If the Employer has elected to apply Section 1.08(e)(3), then, upon date a Participant incurs Disability, as defined in 1.07(a)(2), notwithstanding any other provision of Plan contrary, all Accounts such shall be 100% vested.
This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, embodies entire agreement and understanding among parties hereto supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements understandings of such Persons, verbal written, relating to subject matter hereof thereof (except as relates fees described in Section 5.3 any arrangements made respect payment by Company (or indemnification for) fees, costs expenses payable incurred be incurred) on behalf Administrative Agent Lenders).
Seller has not, and to the best of Seller’s knowledge no Person has, advanced funds, or induced, solicited received any advance funds by a other than Mortgagor, directly indirectly, for payment amount required under obtain Mortgage Loan, tax, insurance, special assessment, sewer, utility similar payments with respect Mortgaged Property. The Mortgagor made down in connection concession from Seller, seller Property third Person, except as clearly disclosed File writing Buyer. No subordinate financing was used Mortgagor’s acquisition property securing Loan acceptable Buyer, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie HUD, VA applicable Takeout Investor pursuant their requirements effect at time purchase
This Agreement, and the documents executed delivered pursuant hereto, constitute entire agreement between Parties, may be amended or modified only by a writing signed duly authorized representatives of each Party dated subsequent to date hereof. Agreement shall supersede merge all prior communications, representations agreements, either oral written, Parties with respect subject matter hereof, except where survival written agreements is expressly provided for herein.
This Bill of Sale and the legal relations between parties will be governed by construed in accordance with laws State California applicable to contracts made performed such without regard conflicts law doctrines unless certain matters are preempted federal law. This Guaranty is deemed to have been made under and be governed by the laws of State Texas in all respects.
You will serve in the position of SVP, Chief Financial Officer and be considered a Tier 1 Officer. report to Company’s Executive Richard Barasch, assume discharge such responsibilities as are commensurate with your manager may direct. During employment Company, you shall devote full-time attention duties perform them faithfully, diligently, completely. In addition, comply bound by operating policies, procedures, practices Company including, without limitation, Code Conduct Business Ethics, that effect during employment.
As of the Closing Date, neither Borrower nor any other Loan Party has Subsidiaries than those specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.12, and all outstanding Equity Interests its have been validly issued, as to which are corporations, fully paid nonassessable, owned by Holding Companies, PubCo (in respect voting issued only), each Borrower’s Restricted free clear Liens except (i) created under Collateral Documents (ii) nonconsensual Permitted Lien. 5.12 (a) sets forth name jurisdiction Subsidiary, (b) ownership interest Subsidiary including percentage such ownership, (c) identifies required be pledged on Date pursuant Guarantee Requirement (d) Immaterial Subsidiaries, Unrestricted Native American Subsidiaries.
Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined (i) shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in Agreement of Definitions, dated as September 21, 2016 (the “ Definitions ”), by and among Issuing Entity, NILT Trust, Grantor UTI Beneficiary, Titling NMAC, its individual capacity, Servicer administrative agent (in such Administrative Agent NALL II, Trustee, Wilmington National Association, a national banking association with trust powers, owner trustee Owner Trustee Delaware Trust Indenture (ii) if Agreement.
At the time of and immediately after such Credit Event, no Event Default or shall have occurred be continuing; provided , however that Events absence which a condition precedent to any Extension pursuant Delayed Draw Term Loan C Commitments limited set forth in Section 7.01(h) (i) . Each Party shall be responsible for its own fees and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery effectuation of this Agreement transactions contemplated hereby.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto separate counterparts, each which when so shall constitute an original, but all taken together one the same instrument. In proving this Agreement, Loan or Other Documents, it not necessary to produce account for more than such counterpart signed party against whom enforcement is sought. Delivery Amendment, other document agreement connection therewith, telecopier electronically have force effect as delivery original Amendment agreement.
Amounts payable under this Plan shall be an obligation of the Employer and successors constitute mere unfunded, unsecured promises by to pay cash compensation Participants. The Company its affiliates that jointly severally liable for benefit payments Participants Plan. In event a Participant’s employer becomes insolvent, Participant may bring claim benefits against or any affiliate is
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts which shall together constitute but one and the same agreement. Delivery an counterpart a signature page this by telecopier or other electronic means effective as delivery manually Amendment. The headings of the paragraphs contained in this document are for reference purposes only and shall not any way affect meaning or interpretation provision agreement.
This Agreement may not be terminated by either party unless (i) the Casino Lease terminates prior to Commencement Date (as defined in Lease), accordance with its terms and (ii) Empire Developers fail exercise Purchase Option expiration conditions of Agreement, which event this shall terminate. Upon such termination, neither have any obligations other hereunder, under Project Document or agreement between parties hereto, than as expressly set forth Ground Leases respect a termination Date.
The Debtor shall be liable to pay, five (5) days following demand, all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees incurred by the Secured Party in administering, enforcing, collecting or realizing upon any of Obligations Collateral taking action necessary preserve protect Party's security interest Collateral, expenses connection with establishment this Agreement.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Award Agreement, the balance Performance Share Units that have not vested as time Participant’s termination employment or other service with Company its Subsidiaries for no reason and right to acquire Ordinary Shares hereunder will immediately terminate. The date is detailed in Section 10(h). In addition, never vest due non-satisfaction Goals set forth Exhibit B be forfeited on which longer can satisfied automatically transferred reacquired by at cost Company.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Filings and except would not be required to Filings, none of officers or directors Company and, Company’s knowledge, employees is presently a party any transaction with subsidiary (other than holders stock options and/or warrants, for services employees, directors), including contract, agreement other arrangement providing furnishing by, rental real personal property from, otherwise requiring payments from officer, director such employee or, entity which director, has substantial interest an trustee partner.
If the Revolving Credit Facility is increased in accordance with this Section, Administrative Agent and Borrower shall determine effective date (the “ Increase Effective Date ”) final allocation of such increase. The promptly notify Lenders increase Date. All RSUs and Dividend Equivalents granted under this Agreement shall be forfeited terminated as set forth in the Grant Notice.
This Second Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto separate counterparts, each which shall deemed to an original, but all taken together constitute one the same agreement. Delivery counterpart this telefacsimile or electronic mail equally as effective delivery original Amendment. The Parties shall do and execute or procure to be done executed all such further acts, deeds, things, documents as may necessary give effect the restructuring transactions other terms of this Agreement.
Attached hereto as Exhibit O is a complete and correct list of all material insurance policies owned or held by on behalf Sellers Subsidiary Companies. The Employer has no obligation or liability whatsoever to maintain the Plan for any length of time and may terminate at by written notice delivered Trustee without hereunder such discontinuance termination. Such termination shall comply with 26 CFR section 1.409A-3(j)(ix) other applicable guidance.
The closing of the Call Right transaction shall occur as soon possible after Election Notice and resolution all matters set forth in this Section 2 accordance with terms Sale Agreement (and any other documents governing transaction, contemplated by ). In event that a fails to close aforesaid (other than described following sentence), either Propco or Owner have right submit subject matter arbitration procedures 3 hereof; provided , however, if has been executed between Parties, conditions such govern dispute Parties from execution rather hereof. result Propco’s inability finance acquisition Property on hereunder, automatically terminate respect at time.
Except as otherwise specified in the Perfection Certificate or reported pursuant to Section 6.2( j ), there are no actions proceedings pending or, knowledge of Responsible Officers, threatened writing by against Borrower any its Subsidiaries involving more than Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000 .00 ) individually Two Hundred ($250,000 aggregate at time .
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon PSID, its successors assigns, Executive. Agreement, being for personal services Executive, not assignable or subject anticipation by Each Party will, at its own expense, execute all further instruments and documents take additional actions as the other may reasonably require in order to effectuate this Agreement’s terms purposes.
In this Agreement, unless the Bank and Borrower otherwise agree in writing, singular includes plural singular; words importing any gender include other genders; references to statutes are be construed as including all statutory provisions consolidating, amending or replacing statute referred to; word “or” shall deemed “and/or”, “including”, “includes” “include” followed by “without limitation”; articles, sections (or subdivisions of sections) exhibits those Agreement; agreements contractual instruments subsequent amendments modifications such instruments, but only extent not prohibited terms Agreement. Section headings Agreement included for convenience reference constitute a part purpose. Unless specified accounting interpreted determinations made accordance with GAAP.
All confidentiality agreements between the Company and Ascension, TowerBrook Capital Partners L.P., including Confidentiality Agreement SEM Agreements (each as defined in Purchase Agreement) are hereby terminated of date this Agreement. On Agreement, Investor, Ascension shall enter into a agreement substantially form attached hereto Exhibit A. Each capitalized term which is defined in the Credit Agreement, but not this Seventh Amendment, shall have meaning ascribed such as amended hereby. Unless otherwise indicated, all section references Amendment refer to Agreement.
This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and agreements documents referred to herein are intended by parties as a final expression of their agreement be complete exclusive statement understanding hereto, in respect subject matter contained therein. There no, neither Partnership nor Purchaser has relied upon, restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, than those set forth with rights obligations Partnership, any respective Affiliates hereunder thereunder, each expressly disclaims that it is entitled remedies not this Agreement matters contemplated Documents. therein supersede all prior understandings between such matter.
The Notice is awarded pursuant to and subject all of the terms conditions Plan (including any amendments thereto), these Terms Conditions. In event a conflict between Conditions, Notice, provisions will control. term “ you ” your refer Awardee named in Notice. Capitalized that are not defined herein shall have meanings ascribed such or
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each such counterpart hereof shall deemed to an original instrument, but all counterparts together constitute one agreement. Delivery a signature page this Supply by facsimile or other electronic transmission (including portable document format (.pdf), as joint photographic experts group (.jpg) file, otherwise) effective delivery manually Agreement.
All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be given in the form manner Section 11 of Credit Agreement, and, if to Agent, mailed, sent, or delivered Agent accordance with Borrower, Borrower Specified Bank Products Provider, address set forth below, or, each case as any party, at such designated by party a written notice party.
The Company has delivered or made available to Parent prior the date hereof a list that is true and correct in all material respects of insurance policies force naming Company, any Subsidiary employees thereof, as an insured beneficiary loss payable payee for which paid obligated pay part premiums. Except not had, reasonably expected have, individually aggregate, Material Adverse Effect, such are full effect, premiums due thereon have been paid, neither nor received, hereof, written notice pending threatened cancellation premium increase (retroactive otherwise) with respect thereto. each compliance conditions contained policies, except where failure so comply Effect.
You agree to comply with all laws, rules, and regulations applicable the grant vesting of each Award Restricted Stock sale or other disposition received pursuant Stock, including, without limitation, compliance Company’s insider trading policies. The you receive under Plan will have been registered Securities Act 1933, as amended (the “ 1933 ”). If are an “affiliate” Company, that term is defined in Rule 144, promulgated (“ 144 ”), may not sell except 144. Certificates representing issued Company bear a legend setting forth such restrictions on transfer deems appropriate federal state securities laws.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement the consummation transactions contemplated hereby have been duly validly authorized by all necessary action on part Purchaser Company constitute valid legally binding obligations each them, enforceable against them in accordance with its terms. Except as disclosed in the Buyer SEC Documents, and Operating Subs maintain insurance coverage with reputable insurers such amounts covering risks are accordance normal industry practice for companies engaged businesses similar to that of (taking into account cost availability insurance).
Each Loan Party shall, from time to until the Release Date, at its expense, faithfully preserve and protect Administrative Agent’s Lien on Prior Security Interest in Collateral, shall do such other acts things as Agent sole discretion may deem necessary or advisable time, order preserve, perfect Liens granted under Collateral Documents exercise enforce rights remedies thereunder with respect Collateral.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, and by different Parties on separate counterparts each of which will deemed an original, but all constitute one the same instrument. Following the date hereof, each party shall deliver to other parties such further information and documents execute instruments agreements as any reasonably request consummate or confirm transactions provided for herein, accomplish purpose hereof assure benefits hereof.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period ______ and automatically extended additional terms on the same conditions as set forth herein unless earlier terminated by either Party any reason upon prior written notice to other, such termination become effective thirty (30) days from date notice. This terminate immediately User’s employment with Operator.
This Agreement may be amended by the Company, provided that unless Grantee consents in writing, Company cannot amend this if amendment will materially change or impair Grantee’s rights under and such is not to benefit. Whether or not the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated, and except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, all costs expenses (including legal fees, accounting investment banking filing fees) incurred in connection with shall be paid Party incurring such expenses.
This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all when taken together a single contract. become effective conditions precedent have been met and the Agent has it received counterparts bearing signatures other parties hereto. Delivery signature page this by telecopy as delivery manually counterpart such agreement. delivered facsimile or electronic mail, will same force effect signed originals.
The rights of the Company set forth in this Section 7 shall not limit or restrict any manner remedies which its affiliates may have under law separate employment, confidentiality other agreement with Employee otherwise respect to events described 7(b) hereof. Any notice required to be given RGP pursuant this Agreement, shall in writing and deemed have been sufficiently either when served personally or via facsimile addressed the appropriate party. Executive Agreement personally, by first class mail facsimile.
The Borrowers shall use the proceeds of Loans solely for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, to refinance certain existing Indebtedness Borrowers. No part will be used, directly or indirectly, purpose purchasing carrying any margin stock within meaning Regulation U Board Governors Federal Reserve System, extend credit others such which violates, would inconsistent with, provisions T, X System.
The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) comply with all laws, rules, regulations orders any Governmental Authority applicable to it or property (including without limitation Environmental Laws) (ii) perform in material respects obligations under agreements which is a party, case except where the failure do so, individually aggregate, would not reasonably be expected result Material Adverse Effect. shall, shall ensure that Affiliates foreign domestic rules USA Patriot Act, exchange control regulations, asset other trade-related regulations) now hereafter credit extended this Agreement execution, delivery performance Loan Documents by Party party thereto.
This Agreement and all related Exhibits, Schedules attachments that certain Mutual Non-Disclosure between Tecogen Tedom dated as of June 22, 2015, the JV LLC Operating Agreement, constitute entire agreement Parties with respect to subject matter hereof supersedes prior contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations warranties, both written oral by or among parties. In event any inconsistency statements in body this attachments, statement shall control.
The following Sections shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement:1, 4 (to the extent any payments are will be earned as after termination), 5 6.1, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11.2, 11.3, 11,4, 11.5, 11.6, 11.7 and 11.8. This Sublease may not be changed or terminated orally but only by an agreement in writing signed both Sublandlord and Subtenant.
This agreement is personal in nature. You may not subcontract any work under this agreement. Moreover, neither nor duties or obligations letter be assigned by the Company you without other party’s prior written consent. The headings contained in this Purchase Agreement or any Exhibit hereto are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning interpretation of Agreement.
(a) The Parent Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance, presentment, demand for performance, nonperformance, default, acceleration, protest or dishonor any other with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations this Guaranty requirement that Designated Agent Lender protect, secure, perfect insure Lien property subject thereto exhaust right take action against Borrower Person collateral.
The Option is granted pursuant to the Plan. All terms, provisions, and conditions applicable set forth in Plan not herein are hereby incorporated by reference herein. To extent any provision hereof inconsistent with a of Plan, provisions will govern. capitalized terms that used Notice Stock Grant or this Agreement otherwise defined therein shall have meanings ascribed them
Neither this Agreement nor any right or interest therein shall be assignable transferable (whether by pledge, grant of a security interest, otherwise) Employee Employee’s beneficiaries legal representatives, except will, the laws descent and distribution, inter vivos revocable living grantor trust as beneficiaries. This binding upon inure to benefit Company, its successors assigns, enforceable them heirs, legatees, personal provided that Company may not assign an acquirer all substantially assets then only if assignee assumes obligations hereunder in writing operation law.
Each Party giving any notice required or permitted under this Agreement will give the in writing, and be deemed to have been duly given: (a) when received if delivered personally; (b) transmitted sent by facsimile telecopy (with transmission confirmed); (c) day after it is commercial overnight courier receipt (d) upon certified registered mail (return requested); (e) email confirmed recipient). Notice a effective for purposes of only given as provided Section 23.9 at address which sending has notified accordance with .
All notices required or permitted to be given under this Security Agreement shall in conformance with Section 9.2 of the Credit Agreement. AB agrees that Specified Products shall bear appropriate proprietary legends or notices as specified in advance writing by CBA from time to time. With respect to any date prior the Investment Grade Covenants Date, Borrower and Subsidiaries are, after giving effect extension of credit on such will be, Solvent a consolidated basis. As Specified Acquisition consummation Transactions application proceeds Indebtedness incurred Date under Transactions, are
No waiver of the provisions hereto shall be effective unless in writing and signed by Party to charged with such waiver. deemed a continuing respect any subsequent breach or default either similar different nature expressly so stated writing. failure delay on part exercising power right under this Agreement waiver, nor does single partial exercise preclude other further exercise, right.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (including by means of electronic or facsimile transmissions), each which shall deemed an original, but both which, together, constitute one and the same instrument. So long as none of the Local Governmental Entities is in default its obligations hereunder, Development Authority may terminate this Agreement by written notice to Company if construction Project has not been commenced prior third anniversary date Agreement, or completed fifth commencement Project. it at any time Authority.
The Company shall continue to indemnify Executive the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, ’ s Articles of Organization and By-laws, each as they may be amended from time time. insured Directors Officers liability policy in same manner other senior executives for long is an officer or director maintains such force. Such indemnity insurance survive termination employment by Company.
Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of conditions set forth in Article V, completion sale and purchase Securities (the “ Closing ”), shall take place at 9:00 a.m., Central Time, on June 10, 2016 as soon practicable following V Date ”). The remotely via exchange documents signatures. If Purchaser elects to terminate this Agreement pursuant Section 7 , and if is not, on the date of such election, in default under Agreement, Seller shall promptly direct Title Company/Escrow Agent return Deposit Purchaser, neither party have any further liability hereunder except for obligations that survive termination Agreement.
This Agreement shall be applicable both before and after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding all converted or succeeding cases in respect thereof. Accordingly, provisions this are intended to enforceable as a subordination agreement within meaning Section 510(a) Bankruptcy Code. Comply, and cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to comply, in all material respects, with (x) applicable laws, rules, regulations orders, such compliance include, without limitation, ERISA, Environmental Laws, the PATRIOT Act, except where non-compliance is not reasonably expected have a Material Adverse Effect (y) Sanctions laws regulations.
If the Executive dies while employed by Company, his employment shall immediately terminate. The Company’s obligation to pay Executive’s Base Salary cease as of date death, except that any earned but unpaid and Performance Bonus for performance period ended before death be paid estate soon practicable after death. In addition, receive year on a pro-rated basis Bonus, if any, at same time in manner such would have been had not terminated reason
To the extent required by applicable Federal, state or local law, a Non-Employee Director must make arrangements satisfactory to Company for payment of any withholding similar tax obligations that arise in connection with this Plan. Employees who begin in the EXPP Plan after start of Year but prior to October 1 will receive a prorated award based on number months participating during Year. The proration be date hire/re-hire and does not include any an employee participated hire/re-hire.
The Company and each Subsidiary (a) has timely filed or caused to be all Tax returns reports required have been by it, except the extent failure do so could not reasonably expected result in a Material Adverse Effect (b) paid Taxes where (i)(x) validity amount thereof is being contested good faith appropriate proceedings (y) such Subsidiary, as applicable, set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto GAAP, (ii) Effect.
The validity, construction, interpretation and effect of the Agreement shall be governed by, determined in accordance with, applicable laws Commonwealth Pennsylvania, excluding any conflicts or choice law rule principle. Tenant currently occupies a building in Parcel 3 of the Development Area at 150 Broadway (formerly known as 8 Cambridge Center) (“ ”) owned by Boston Properties Limited Partnership, an affiliate Landlord (the “ Owner ”). owns existing 145 formerly 11 Center (said building, 11CC Building
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 16.11, each party may apply to any court having jurisdiction pursuant 16.12.1 (a) enforce arbitration this Agreement, (b) seek provisional injunctive relief so as maintain status quo (including maintaining confidentiality proceedings and non-public information) until final award is rendered finally judicially confirmed if challenged judicially, or dispute otherwise resolved, (c) equitable 9.5 contemplated by 16.13.
All exhibits attached to this Agreement are incorporated herein and made a part hereof. This constitutes the entire agreement between parties hereto supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings, agreements of any nature whatsoever with respect subject matter may not be modified or amended other than by an in writing. The captions included for convenience only no way define, describe limit scope intent terms Agreement.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without effect whatsoever on the between Company other Purchasers, written notice parties, if Closing has not been consummated or before May 17, 2016; provided , however that termination will affect right of party sue for breach (or parties).
The Title Company is unconditionally bound to issue the Policy, subject only Permitted Exceptions, in accordance with Article 3 hereof; provided, however, that if will not hereof at Closing, Seller may elect cause an alternate title company (which be First American Insurance Company, Chicago Fidelity National Old Republic Title, Stewart or such other acceptable Purchaser Purchaser’s sole discretion) Policy and shall have right extend Closing Date for up ten (10) days issuance of Policy.
Executive acknowledges that the remedy at law for any breach by of this Section 6 may be inadequate and damages following from such not readily susceptible to being measured in monetary terms. Accordingly, agrees that, upon adequate proof Executive’s violation legally enforceable provision , Company will entitled immediate injunctive relief obtain a temporary order restraining threatened or further breach. Nothing deemed limit Company’s remedies equity provisions pursued availed Company.
Except as otherwise determined by the Committee at time of grant or thereafter subject to limitations Plan, upon termination employment, engagement other service (as under criteria established Committee) during applicable restriction period, Restricted Stock Units that are such restrictions shall be forfeited. Interest shall accrue at the rate of Rate on unpaid Principal amount this Note outstanding from time to and after date hereof, or (if less) highest then permitted under applicable law (“ ”) until is indefeasibly paid in full.
(a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account any obligation Loan Party under Document shall be made without deduction withholding for Taxes, except as required applicable law. If law (as determined in the good faith discretion an Withholding Agent) requires Tax from such payment a Agent, then Agent entitled to make timely pay full amount deducted withheld relevant Governmental Authority accordance with and, if is Indemnified Tax, sum payable increased necessary so that after has been (including deductions withholdings additional sums this Section 2.17) Recipient receives equal it would have received had no made.
If the Cash Award has not become vested pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement as date Participant’s employment is terminated, then shall expire and immediately be forfeited on such termination date. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of State California, as applied to agreements among California residents, made performed entirely within without giving effect conflicts principles or any other state.
Landlord and Tenant hereby warrant to each other that they have had no dealings with any real estate broker or agent in connection the negotiation of this Amendment, excepting only The Boyer Company (the “ Broker ”), know who is entitled a commission Amendment. Each party agrees indemnify defend against hold harmless from all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, lawsuits, judgments, costs expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees) respect leasing equivalent compensation alleged be owing on account indemnifying party’s than Brokers. terms Section shall survive expiration earlier termination Lease.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF STATE NEW YORK BUT EXCLUDING ANY PRINCIPLES CONFLICTS THAT WOULD CAUSE APPLICATION LAW JURISDICTION OTHER THAN YORK. This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterpart copies and by the parties hereto on separate counterparts, but all such shall constitute one same instrument. Delivery an executed a signature page to this facsimile or pdf transmission effective as delivery manually counterpart.
This Agreement will not be assigned by Purchaser or Seller without the prior written consent of non-assigning party; provided, however, that may assign all a portion its rights and obligations hereunder to one more wholly-owned subsidiaries Purchaser; provided further, any party person acquires control such merger, consolidation sale substantially party's assets acquisition voting stock representing than fifty percent (50%) total power outstanding securities party, agrees in writing bound assignor's under this Agreement.
The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations orders any Governmental Authority, including Environmental Laws ERISA (with regard to Plans), applicable it or property, except where the failure do so, individually in aggregate, would not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect. maintain effect enforce policies procedures designed promote compliance by Company, their respective directors, officers, employees agents Anti-Corruption Sanctions.
The representations and warranties of the Company Investor contained in Sections 3 4 , agreements covenants set forth Section 5, indemnification provisions 10 this 11 shall survive each Closings termination Agreement. All awards made under the Plan (whether vested or unvested) are subject to rescission, cancellation recoupment, in whole part, any current future “clawback” similar policy of Company that is applicable Participant.
ENDO will bear the cost of any taxes, levies, duties or fees a similar kind, nature description whatsoever applicable to sale and transportation Licensed Product sold by SANDOZ hereunder (other than taxes in franchise income SANDOZ), pay all such sums within thirty (30) days receipt demand for payment SANDOZ. The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Administrative Agent an Assignment Assumption Agreement, together with a processing recordation fee of Three Thousand Five Hundred 00/100 Dollars ($3,500.00), assignee, if it is not Lender, administrative questionnaire provided by Agent.
The Employer shall pay the Executive a base salary (the “Base Salary”), at rate of $500,000 per year, plus such other compensation as may, from time to time, determine in its sole discretion. Compensation Committee Board Directors HoldCo “Compensation Committee”), review annually amount Executive’s Base Salary, and may increase, but not decrease, Salary absolute Such be payable accordance with Employer’s normal payroll practices (and no event less frequently than monthly) effect time.
All payments required or permitted under this Agreement, including of distributions shall be made in lawful money the United States, except as otherwise expressly Section 8.3 hereof. Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, any remaining conditions on forfeiture with respect to Units shall immediately lapse and Performance Goals will be deemed satisfied at target level performance pursuant Section 8 Plan.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower , Administrative Agent, Swingline Issuing sell participations to Person (other than a natural person Company of Company’s Affiliates Subsidiaries) (each, “ Participant ”) in all portion such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitment Loans owing it); provided that (i) shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto for performance and (iii) Borrowers, Agent Lenders continue deal directly with connection Agreement.
Executive shall at all times comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations of any governmental authorities the standards, bylaws, rules, compliance programs, policies procedures Company which has knowledge. Unless otherwise provided for hereunder, this Note may not be modified or amended the provisions hereof waived without written consent of Borrower and New Purchaser.
(a) Unless otherwise defined herein, terms or by reference in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have meanings given to them Agreement, following that are Code (as effect on date hereof) as so defined: Cash Proceeds, Chattel Paper, Commercial Tort Claims, Deposit Accounts, Documents, Electronic Equipment, Farm Products, Fixtures, General Intangibles, Goods, Letter-of-Credit Rights Money.
During the Term, Executive shall be eligible to participate in employee benefit plans, programs and arrangements of Company, as may amended from time time, which are generally applicable senior officers Company its subsidiaries, this Agreement include Company’s health welfare plan Equity Incentive Plan Parent (pursuant terms set forth a separate award agreement). If group life insurance program does not permit coverage for multiple annual salary comparable that afforded other salaried and/or executive employees (currently 10 times salary), will reimburse cost an additional term policy difference, up maximum $10,000 annually.
Subject to the satisfaction of conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 below, Lenders party hereto hereby waive any Specified Default and right, power or remedy under Credit Agreement, Loan Documents other documents, instruments agreements executed and/or delivered connection with Agreement extent such is based solely directly upon occurrence a Default.
This Agreement will not be assigned by the Company or Indemnitee without prior written consent of other party thereto, except that may freely assign its rights and obligations under this to any subsidiary affiliate for whom is serving as a director and/or officer thereof; provided, however, no permitted assignment release assignor from hereunder. Subject foregoing, all provisions hereof binding upon inure benefit parties hereto their respective successors assigns, including, limitation, successor way merger, consolidation, sale disposition substantially assets capital stock Company.
BUYER, THE COMPANY AND GUARANTORS, AFTER CONSULTING OR HAVING HAD OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL, EACH KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY INTENTIONALLY WAIVES, IRREVOCABLY, RIGHT TRIAL BY JURY RESPECT ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING BASED HEREON, ARISING OUT OF, UNDER IN CONNECTION THIS AGREEMENT, TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OF OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, COLLATERAL, OTHER AGREEMENT EXECUTED CONTEMPLATED BE CONJUNCTION COURSE CONDUCT DEALING WHICH BUYER AND/OR GUARNATORS ARE ADVERSE PARTIES. PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR PURCHASING DEBENTURES.
All payments made, and benefits provided, hereunder shall be net of all legally required taxes other withholdings. Executive solely responsible for that result from Executive’s receipt the to provided under this Release, Bank does not make any representation, warranty or guarantee federal, state local tax consequence as part payment benefit hereunder.
Grantor agrees to keep the buildings and other improvements now or hereafter erected on Land in good condition repair; not commit suffer any physical waste; comply with all laws, rules regulations affecting Property; and, subject rights of tenants under leases Property, permit Beneficiary enter at reasonable times for purpose inspection conducting, a proper manner, such tests as determines be necessary order monitor Grantor's compliance applicable laws regarding hazardous materials Property.
Except as set forth on Schedule 9.1.9 , there are no brokerage commissions, finder's fees or investment banking payable in connection with any transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents. The validity, interpretation and construction of this Agreement shall be determined governed in all respects by the law State Delaware. Amendment Effective Date and between UCB Pharma S.A., a Belgium corporation (“ ”), Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc., Delaware FivePrime ”).
During the Term, Company shall pay to Executive a base salary at Executive’s rate as set forth in Exhibit A this Agreement, subject increase from time determined by Board, upon recommendation of Direct Supervisor, or if such Supervisor is not an officer Company, (“Base Salary”). The Base Salary be payable accordance with Company’s normal payroll procedures and during Term reduced below annual on date Agreement.
The Parties shall cooperate with each other in good faith and coordinate their activities (to the extent practicable) respect of all matters concerning implementation this Agreement. Furthermore, take such action (including executing delivering any agreements making filing required regulatory filings) as may be reasonably necessary to carry out purposes intent
All corporate action on the part of Logitech necessary for authorization, execution and delivery this Agreement Agreements by Logitech, sale Secondary Shares, performance all Logitech’s obligations under Agreements, has been taken prior to Closing. This when executed delivered shall constitute valid binding enforceable in accordance with their terms, except (i) as limited laws general application relating bankruptcy, insolvency relief debtors, (ii) rules law governing specific performance, injunctive or other equitable remedies principles equity, (iii) extent indemnification provisions contained may further be applicable public policy.
EMPLOYEE understands that this Agreement will be null and void if not executed by him within twenty-one (21) days of the Termination Date. Each Party has seven (7) after signs to revoke it. This become effective on eighth (8th) day signed Agreement, so long as it been Parties revoked either before date (the “Effective Date”). To effective, revocation must in writing delivered COMPANY’S Director Human Resources, period. If sent mail, be: (1) postmarked period; (2) properly addressed COMPANY; (3) certified return receipt requested.
This Security Agreement shall become effective upon execution by Grantor and Secured Party. This Agreement may be executed and delivered by each party hereto in separate counterparts (including facsimile or PDF), of which when so shall deemed an original, both taken together constitute one the same agreement. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall considered to an original or true copy this Agreement. Delivery counterpart a signature page by facsimile electronic (e.g., “pdf”) format effective as delivery manually
The Employee hereby agrees that each provision and the subparts of herein shall be treated as separate independent clauses, unenforceability any one clause in no way impair enforceability other clauses Agreement. Moreover, if or more provisions contained this Agreement for reason held to excessively broad scope, activity, subject otherwise so unenforceable at law, such construed by appropriate judicial body limiting reducing it them, enforceable maximum extent compatible with applicable law then appear. further language all parts cases a whole according its fair meaning not strictly against either parties.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto separate each of which when shall deemed to an original but all taken together constitute same agreement. Delivery counterpart a signature page this facsimile transmission e-mail pdf attachment effective as delivery manually Agreement. To the extent not governed by U.S. federal law, this Agreement shall be and construed in accordance with laws of State California applicable to agreements made performed entirely within such state, without regard principles conflicts laws.
The Company and the Principal, jointly severally represent warrant to Purchaser that statements contained in this Section 5 are correct complete as of date Agreement will be Closing Date (as though made then were substituted for throughout 5). The provisions of this Article 12 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination Agreement.
The Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any payment payable pursuant this Agreement such amounts as the is required with respect making of under Code, or applicable provision state, local foreign Tax law, provided that Existing Stockholders only, (i) gives ten (10) days advance written notice its intention make withholding Representative, (ii) identifies legal basis requiring (iii) Representative an opportunity establish not legally required. To extent are so withheld paid over appropriate Taxing Authority by Corporation, treated for all purposes having been Stockholders. provide evidence payments (through Representative) available.
Subject to Section 2.2(a) hereof, the Award shall vest and Restrictions lapse in accordance with vesting schedule terms set forth Grant Notice. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein (including the preliminary statements hereto) have meanings assigned to them in Credit Agreement. All necessary agreements and consents of any parties to the consummation transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or otherwise pertaining matters covered shall have been obtained Seller Buyer delivered Seller.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of heirs representatives Executive assigns successors Company, but neither this nor any rights hereunder assignable or otherwise subject hypothecation by (except will operation laws intestate succession) Company (any such purported assignment either null void), except that may assign successor (whether merger, purchase otherwise) all substantially stock, assets business Company.
All representations, warranties, agreements and indemnities of Seller with respect to the Purchased Assets set forth in Asset Purchase Agreement will continue effect as provided therein not be deemed amended, modified, terminated or superseded by merged this Bill Sale. Borrower agrees that matters concerning prepayments, payments and application of shall be in accordance with Lender’s practices set forth this Agreement the other Transaction Documents.
No failure on the part of Agent or any other member Noteholder Group to exercise, and no delay in exercising, right, remedy, power, privilege hereunder under Indenture Security Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor single partial exercise such preclude further thereof privilege. The rights remedies this Agreement are cumulative not exclusive rights, remedies, powers, privileges that may otherwise be available members Group.
No failure or delay on the part of any Agent Lender in exercise power, right privilege hereunder under other Loan Document shall impair such be construed to a waiver default acquiescence therein, nor single partial preclude further thereof privilege. The rights, powers and remedies given each hereby are cumulative addition independent all existing by virtue statute rule law Documents Hedge Agreements. Any forbearance exercise, exercising, right, power remedy not thereof, it remedy.
I agree that Skyline will collect from me the amount of all required tax withholdings as a result granting and/or vesting Award by offset in following amounts: 25% such be against $75,000 (gross) payment under subparagraph 1.b., and an additional each first three $12,500 installment payments 1.c. The term of this Agreement commenced on the Effective Date and, subject to earlier termination hereof in accordance with terms and conditions Agreement, shall expire at 11:59 p.m. date which is twenty-fifth (25th) anniversary (the “Term”).
Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement shall in writing and addressed Corporation at its principal office attention Secretary, Participant Participant’s last address reflected on Corporation’s records, or such other as either party may hereafter designate other. only when received, but if is no longer employed by providing services a Subsidiary, deemed have been duly enclosed properly sealed envelope aforesaid, registered certified, deposited (postage registry certification fee prepaid) post branch regularly maintained United States Government.
The Corporation and the Subsidiaries carry, or are covered by, insurance in such amounts covering risks as reasonably believes adequate for conduct of business value their properties customary which engaged; neither nor any has been refused coverage sought applied for; no reason to believe that they will not be able renew existing when expires obtain similar from insurers may necessary continue at a cost would have Material Adverse Effect.
The headings of the paragraphs this Debenture are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof. The provisions of this Section 10.4 shall survive the Closing (and not be merged therein) or any earlier termination Agreement. This Agreement is not assignable by any party hereto, except the Corporation and Bank to successor in interest respective business of Bank.
This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to this on any number separate counterparts (including facsimile other electronic transmission), and all said taken together shall deemed constitute same instrument. A set copies signed lodged with Company Managing Administrative Agent. This Agreement shall terminate when the security interest granted hereunder has terminated and all Collateral been released; provided that provisions of Sections 4.10, 4.11, 7.12 7.13 not be affected by any such termination.
The specific terms defined in this Article include the plural as well singular. words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder” other of similar import refer to Agreement a whole not any particular Article, Section or subdivision, Section, Schedule Exhibit references, unless otherwise specified, Articles Sections Schedules Exhibits Agreement. Capitalized used herein without definition shall have respective meanings assigned such Sale Servicing dated January 13, 2016, by among AFS SenSub Corp., Seller, AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc., its individual capacity Servicer, Automobile Receivables Trust 2016-1, Issuer, Bank New York Mellon, Collateral Agent.
Company is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of State Delaware, with full power authority to conduct its business as it now being conducted proposed be conducted, own or use properties assets that purports use, perform all obligations Material Contracts. qualified do foreign entity each state other jurisdiction which either ownership owned used by it, nature activities requires such qualification. has delivered Purchaser copy Company’s certificate formation operating agreement, effect Effective Date Closing Date.
Upon receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice in accordance with terms this Warrant, unless has good faith determined that matters relating to such do not constitute material, nonpublic information its subsidiaries, shall within one (1) Business Day after publicly disclose on a Current Report Form 8-K otherwise. In event believes contains so indicate Holder contemporaneously notice, and absence indication, be allowed presume all subsidiaries.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and terminate earlier third anniversary (“Term”) or termination Executive’s employment with Company; provided, however, notwithstanding anything in to contrary, Sections 6 through 22 survive until expiration any applicable time periods set forth 7, 8 9. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Board of Directors may, at any time and from time, without further action Committee, exercise powers duties Committee under Plan.
All insurance policies required to be maintained by Borrower under Section 5.15 shall in full force and effect with respect Project (Salmon Falls) Administrative Agent have received certified copies of all evidencing such (or certificates signed the insurer or a broker authorized bind insurance), each case form substance reasonably satisfactory (acting consultation Insurance Consultant). (i) certificate Consultant, substantially Exhibit G-2 , Consultant’s report attached thereto, dated as Term Conversion Date, Majority Lenders (ii) compliance letter from Borrower’s broker, G-7 confirming that premiums Schedule paid Date been is otherwise .
This Plan shall be effective upon its approval at the Company’s 2016 annual stockholders meeting. Once approved by Company's stockholders, this continue until earlier of (i) a termination under Section 9 Plan, (ii) date any stockholder requirement Code 162(m) ceases to met or (iii) that is five years after meeting in (provided that, for avoidance doubt, payments may made with respect Performance Periods commencing before termination.
The MBM Cleaners Interests owned by the Members are only issued and outstanding securities of Cleaners. has not granted, or agreed to grant, issue make available any warrants, options, subscription rights other commitments character relating unissued membership interests non-certificated interests. All in have been duly authorized validly issued, fully paid non-assessable, were compliance with applicable laws.
Borrower shall use the proceeds of Loan to (a) acquire Property, (b) pay and discharge any existing loans, if any, relating Borrower’s interest in (c) all past-due Taxes, Insurance Premiums Other Charges, respect (d) make initial deposits Reserve Funds, (e) costs expenses incurred connection with closing Loan, as approved by Lender, (f) fund working capital requirements Lender. Any excess may be used for lawful purpose.
Each Seller will pay any and all taxes (excluding Purchaser’s income, gross receipts, franchise, doing business or similar taxes) relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including but not limited sale of each Purchased Receivable; except for those that such is contesting in good faith which adequate reserves have been taken. shall treat Receivables hereunder as a federal state income tax, reporting accounting purposes.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS AGREEMENT, OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT THEORY). (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO AGREEMENT DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
There is no Proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of such Seller, threatened in writing against that: (a) could affect enforceability this Agreement or any other Seller Document which will be a party action taken by connection herewith therewith; (b) seeks enjoin consummation transactions contemplated hereby and thereby; (c) would reasonably expected have, individually together with Proceedings, material adverse effect on ability consummate thereby.
All fees and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement the transactions contemplated by shall be paid Party incurring such expenses, whether or not Merger is consummated. If the Condor Member timely and effectively exercises Option, Section 13.3 13.4 shall be applicable to, govern, closing of purchase sale. Each Party has seven (7) days after that signs this Agreement to revoke it. This will become effective on the eighth (8th) day Executive signed Agreement, so long as it been by both Parties.
This Plan shall be effective as of the date hereof and remain in effect unless until terminated by Company accordance with this Plan. Executive represents and warrants that Executive’s execution of this Agreement, employment with the Company, performance proposed duties under Agreement shall not violate any obligations has to other employer, person or entity, including respect proprietary confidential information entity.
The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “ Closing ”) shall take place remotely electronic or other exchange documents and signature pages, on date hereof, such referred to herein as Date ”. will be effective 12:01 a.m. Effective Time ”), all actions scheduled in at deemed occur simultaneously time.
The Participating Employers, the Board, Compensation Committee, Administrative all fiduciaries with respect to 2009 UGI SERP, and other persons or entities associated operation of provision benefits thereunder, may reasonably rely on truth, accuracy completeness data provided by Participant, including, without limitation, age, health marital status. Furthermore, Committee SERP consents, elections designations filed those any representatives such person duty inquire into genuineness consent, election designation. None aforementioned under shall have data, being current date reference, it Participants advise appropriate parties change in data.
Notices and other communications provided for in the Agreement shall be writing deemed to have been duly given when delivered by hand, U.S. Mail or overnight courier, addressed, if Company, Stonegate Mortgage Corporation, 9190 Priority Way West Drive, Suite 300, Indianapolis, IN 46240 Attn: Board of Directors, you, most recent address Company’s personnel records (or such as either party may furnished writing) which notice will effective only upon receipt.
Each of the Term Loan Representative and ABL will, at Grantors’ expense any time from to time, promptly execute deliver all further instruments documents, take action, that may be necessary or desirable, other party reasonably request, in order protect right interest granted purported hereby enable exercise enforce its rights remedies hereunder; provided , however no shall required pay over payment distribution, action referred this Section 9.2 extent such would contravene law, Requirement Law terms provisions Agreement, event a controversy dispute, interplead distribution court competent jurisdiction, without responsibility respect under .
This Agreement constitutes the entire contract between parties relative to subject matter hereof. Any previous agreement among or representations from their Affiliates with respect hereof is superseded by this Agreement. All governmental and material third party notifications, filings, consents, waivers approvals required for the consummation of transactions contemplated by this Agreement other Fundamental Implementation Agreements, shall have been made or received, including approval under applicable Antitrust Laws.
All notices, requests and other communications required or permitted under this Lease shall be in writing personally delivered sent by facsimile with confirmation of delivery a hard copy to follow mail certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid national overnight service which maintains records. Notices Tenant Tenant’s Address for Notices. Landlord Landlord’s notices effective upon (or refusal accept delivery). Either party may change its notice address written the party.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower Administrative Agent, sell participations to Person (other than a natural Person, Defaulting of Borrower’s Affiliates Subsidiaries) (each, “ Participant ”) in all portion such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitment Loans L/C Obligations Swing Line Loans) owing it); provided that (i) shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto for performance and (iii) Borrower, Lenders Issuers continue deal directly with connection Agreement. For avoidance doubt, each be indemnity Section 11.04(c) regard existence participation.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (one counterpart reflecting the signatures of all parties), each which shall deemed to an original, and it not necessary making proof this its terms account for than such counterparts. by party upon a separate copy, execution pages detached from copy attached another order form
This Agreement and any signed agreement or instrument entered into in connection with this Agreement, amendments hereto thereto, may be executed one more counterparts, all of which shall constitute the same instrument. Any such counterpart, to extent delivered by means a facsimile machine .pdf, .tif, .gif, .peg similar attachment electronic mail treated manners respects as an original counterpart considered have binding legal effect if it were version thereof person.
All compensation payments and severance to the Executive shall be made subject required governmental withholdings. Any notice hereunder by the Participant shall be given to Company in writing or electronically and such deemed duly only upon receipt thereof General Counsel of Company. at address/email address as may have on file with
Except as otherwise expressly set forth in the Title Report (hereinafter defined) and Environmental defined), Mortgagor Mortgaged Property are compliance with all laws, regulations, ordinances codes that applicable to use operation of Property, including, without limitation, Laws. All present planned uses tenants full zoning, environmental building ordinances, regulations codes. have obtained certificates occupancy other permits required for intended of, any construction, renovations repairs respect to, Property.
Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as such jurisdiction, ineffective the extent invalidity, illegality unenforceability without affecting validity, legality and enforceability remaining provisions hereof; invalidity a particular shall not invalidate other jurisdiction. Without limiting foregoing Section 10.12 , if that relating Defaulting Lenders limited by Bankruptcy Laws, determined good faith Administrative Agent then deemed effect only so limited.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of State Nevada, regardless law that might otherwise govern under applicable principles conflict thereof. THIS Amendment and WAIVER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF STATE NEW YORK. The Administrative Agent, with the consent of Borrower, shall have right to issue press releases regarding making Loans and issuance Letters Credit Commitments Borrower pursuant terms this Agreement.
Any notice which either party hereto may be required or permitted to give the other shall in writing and delivered personally by mail, postage prepaid, addressed Time Inc., at Brookfield Place, 225 Liberty Street, New York, NY 10281, attention: Stock Plan Administration, Non-Employee Director his her address, as it is shown on records of Company, case such address Company Director, be, designate from time time.
Any provision of this Confirmation that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective the extent prohibition unenforceability without invalidating remaining provisions hereof, and shall (to full permitted by law), not invalidate render other jurisdiction. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries Company are set forth in SEC Reports. The owns, directly or indirectly, all capital stock other equity interests each Subsidiary free clear any Liens, issued outstanding shares validly fully paid non-assessable.
During the Term, Executive shall serve as Vice President, Corporate Controller and Treasurer of Company, perform executive administrative duties, functions privileges incumbent with such position other duties reasonably determined assigned by Chief Financial Officer and/or from time to time. The devote substantially all his time, attention skill except for paid vacation excused absence periods, Company faithfully best ability, use efforts promote success business Company. Executive’s employment is subject compliance Company’s policies, including any code conduct, may be amended
This Agreement, the Notes and other Credit Documents shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, laws of State Texas (except that Chapter 346 Finance Code, which regulates certain revolving credit loan accounts, not apply to this Agreement or any Document). Other than in connection with the exercise by Borrower of its one-time transfer right under provision lien instrument entitled " Prohibition on Transfer/One-Time Transfer ", shall have no to assign or revocable license granted herein. Any such assignment constitute a default.
For the purposes of this Agreement, (x) all sales contractual and other rights Lessees in connection with Devices Related Customer Leases shall be deemed to absolute irrevocable assignments thereof (y) purchases obligations by Buyer assumptions thereof. From after Lease Closing Date (i) have assumed Lease-End Rights Obligations under (ii) each Lessee relinquished its released from Leases. any Upgrade for an Upgraded Device such Lease. avoidance doubt, case Lease, Date, and, Device, until Term a has terminated or expired, relevant lessor record own right receive scheduled Receivables Furthermore, except assigned herein, nothing herein relieve (or Servicer on behalf) performing
Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, the Original Agreement remains in full force and effect. The Amendment constitutes entire understanding among Company, PTLC, PAG Memco relative to subject matter thereof. For preclusion of doubt, does not modify or amend any rights obligations Company Members, GECC with respect events circumstances arising existing prior Date, which matters will continue be governed limited liability company agreement effect at applicable time, waive release claim Member, Memco, GE Tennessee event circumstance Date.
All governmental and third-party notifications, filings, consents, waivers approvals set forth on Schedule 4 required for the consummation of transactions contemplated by this Agreement Plan shall have been made or received. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Delaware. Any dispute regarding matters as between Subscriber Company, whether a subscriber or security holder arising under this pursuant to rights constitutional documents Company applicable law, adjudicated exclusively Courts Delaware, unless permit otherwise.
This Agreement, together with the schedules and exhibits hereto, Company Agreements referred to herein or delivered pursuant are intended by parties as a final expression of their agreement be complete exclusive statement understanding hereto in respect subject matter contained therein. There no restrictions, promises, warranties undertakings, other than those set forth supersede all prior agreements understandings between such matter.
If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes prohibited unenforceable in jurisdiction, such prohibition unenforceability shall not invalidate render the concerned other jurisdiction nor it invalidate, affect impair remaining provisions Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall an original, but all constitute one and the same instrument, facsimile pages containing Parties’ signatures have effect as originals.
(a)(i) Except as would not have or reasonably be expected to a Material Adverse Effect, keep all Property and systems necessary in its business good working order condition (or such existence of the Closing Date), ordinary wear tear excepted (ii) maintain with insurance companies US Borrower believes financially sound reputable on meeting requirements Section 5.3 Guarantee Collateral Agreement at least amounts (after giving effect any self-insurance reasonable customary for similarly situated Persons engaged same similar businesses Restricted Subsidiaries) against risks (but including event public liability, product liability interruption) are usually insured geographic regions by size business.
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement are Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2016, among Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust 2016-B, Issuer, Receivables Two LLC, Depositor, Motor Company Servicer. also contains usage rules that apply Agreement. is incorporated by reference into
During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to vacation on same basis as other executive officers of Company and Holding Company. also Company-designated holidays. The Administrative Agent shall have been reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel to the Agent) in connection with preparation, negotiation effectiveness this Amendment any other amounts due payable by Loan Parties under Credit Agreement on or prior 2016 Revolving Increase Effective Date.
Set forth on Schedule 5.22(b) , as of the Closing Date and last date such was required to be updated in accordance with Section 6.02 is a list all registered Intellectual Property (including applications for registration issuance) owned by each Loan Parties or which has right name/title, current owner, application number, other information reasonably requested Administrative Agent).
From and after the execution of this Agreement until completion 2016 Annual Meeting (which shall occur no later than thirteen month anniversary 2015 Company), Barington agrees that it will not, not permit any its affiliates to, take action contrary to Company’s solicitation proxies in connection with Meeting, cooperate Company good faith order implement carry out intent Agreement.
The Borrower and the Guarantors shall execute deliver to Agent Lenders such additional consents affirmations other documents as may reasonably require. No waiver by any of the Members breach or failure to comply with provision this Agreement shall be construed as, constitute, a continuing such other of, with, Agreement. The waiver by either Party of any right hereunder or the failure to perform a breach other shall not be deemed such whether similar nature otherwise. Any particular term condition will effective only if set forth in written instrument duly executed on behalf waiving condition.
The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless any person who was or is a party to proceeding, including proceeding brought by member in the right of on behalf Company, reason fact that he Manager an officer against liability incurred him connection with such proceedings unless engaged willful misconduct knowing violation criminal law federal state securities laws. Furthermore, bought members no be liable its for monetary damages respect transaction, occurrence, course conduct otherwise, except resulting from Manager’s officer’s having
This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company Underwriters, any of them, with respect to subject matter hereof. The foregoing representations and warranties shall survive the Closing Date for a period of one year. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary (other than Section 14.02 ), foregoing defense, release, indemnity and hold harmless obligations shall not apply to, each Party be solely responsible for, all expenses, including due diligence incurred by it enter into, consummate transactions contemplated by, this Agreement.
The Company will not directly or indirectly pay cause to be paid any remuneration, whether by way of supplemental additional interest, fee otherwise, grant security provide other credit support, Investor Group Representative holder a Note as consideration for an inducement the entering into such waiver amendment terms and provisions hereof Subsidiary Guaranty unless remuneration is concurrently paid, granted support provided, on same terms, ratably each even if did consent amendment.
The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive as its Vice President and Chief Medical Officer. All of Executive’s powers authority in any capacity shall at all times be subject direction control Company’s Officer Board Directors (“Board”). may assign such management supervisory responsibilities executive duties for or subsidiary Company, including serving an officer and/or director subsidiary, are consistent with status vice president chief medical officer.
The Plan shall continue in effect until the earlier of its termination by Board or date on which all shares Stock available for issuance under have been issued and restrictions such terms agreements evidencing Awards granted lapsed. However, Incentive Options be granted, if at all, no later than November 18, 2025.
It is the express intention of Manager and Owner that all legal actions proceedings related to this Agreement or any rights relationship between parties arising therefrom shall be solely exclusively initiated maintained in courts laws State which Project located, such govern validity, interpretation, construction performance Agreement, excluding conflict-of-law rules would direct application law another jurisdiction. represents it has qualified do business located connection with based on out Agreement. Venue for action brought enforce collect sums due under court applicable jurisdiction where located.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, but with, subject to proviso fourth sentence of immediately succeeding paragraph, prior written notice to, Borrower and Administrative Agent, sell participations Person (other than a natural person, Defaulting or Credit Party Parties’ Affiliates Subsidiaries) (each, “ Participant ”) in all portion such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitment Loans L/C Obligations, Swing Line Alternative Currency Risk Participations) owing it); provided that (i) shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto for performance (iii) Parties, Lenders Issuers continue deal directly with connection Agreement.
This policy and all rights obligations hereunder shall be governed by construed in accordance with the internal laws of State Wisconsin, excluding any choice law rules that may direct application another jurisdiction. This Severance Agreement contains the entire agreement between parties with respect to subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, thereto.
LNC will require Grantee to remit an amount equal any tax withholding required by federal, state, or local law on the value of R SUs at such time as is withhold amounts . In accordance with procedures established Committee, may satisfy payments in combination cash, certified check, Shares ( including surrender held those that would otherwise be issued settlement this award). Any surrendered withheld constitute satisfaction extent their Fair Market Value.
(a) This Agreement (including the agreements attached as Exhibits to and documents instruments referred in this Agreement) constitutes entire agreement of Parties supersedes all prior agreements, arrangements or understandings, whether written oral, among with respect subject matter Agreement, except that hereto acknowledge any confidentiality heretofore executed between PSA Term Sheet) will each continue full force effect.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall deemed an original, but all constitute one and the same agreement providing for a single grant shares o f Restricted Stock ; counterpart delivered to another party by e-mail or facsimile transmission. A (“fax”) signature this Agreement, electronically transmitted “pdf” format email, considered binding have force effect as original signature.
The Grantee hereby agrees to deliver the Company full Exercise Price for Shares in accordance with Section 3 of Option Agreement or make arrangements acceptable satisfy such obligations prior date exercise. The term of this Agreement shall commence on March 28, 2016 and continue until is terminated by either party pursuant to the terms hereof.
Comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure do so, individually in aggregate, would not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect; provided , that this Section 5.06 shall apply Environmental Laws, which are subject 5.08, laws related Taxes, 5.03.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more fully partially counterparts each of which will deemed an original binding the signer thereof against other signing parties, but all together constitute one and same instrument. Executed signature pages removed from counterpart agreements attached to copies this Agreement. The parties hereto execute deliver by facsimile electronic method transmission (such as PDF), have effect ink signature.
Each Party shall be responsible for, and bear, its own costs expenses unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties prior to any cost or expense being incurred either Party. Each party agrees to execute such other documents, instruments, agreements and consents, take actions as may be reasonably requested by the parties hereto effectuate purposes of this Agreement.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower Administrative Agent, sell participations to Person (other than a natural person, Defaulting Parent of Borrower’s Affiliates Subsidiaries) (each, “ Participant ”) in all portion such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitment Loans); provided that (i) shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto for performance and (iii) Borrower, Agent Lenders continue deal directly with connection Agreement.
A holder of Series B Preferred Stock may waive, in whole or part, any all rights that under this Section 8 the Certificate Designation. The holders a majority outstanding shares by written consent affirmative vote, Sections Designation, and such waiver shall be effective as to then outstanding. Notice given promptly who did not join waiver.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, parties hereto their respective successors assigns permitted hereby, except that Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any its rights obligations hereunder without prior written consent Lender. The Agreement and the Plan contain entire understanding between parties supersede any prior agreements them representing subject matter hereof. There are no representations, agreements, arrangements or understandings, oral written, among hereto relating to hereof which not fully expressed herein.
Employer and Employee hereby acknowledge agree that the services to be rendered by hereunder are of a special, unique extraordinary character which gives them value for loss cannot reasonably or adequately compensated in damages, acknowledges agrees breach provisions this Agreement will cause irreparable injury damage. Employee, therefore, expressly shall entitled injunctive other equitable relief prevent Agreement, any part thereof, secure its enforcement, addition remedy might entitled. further suspend all payments otherwise due event material Employee. Any Employer’s remedies cumulative pursuit one not deemed exclude with respect subject matter hereof.
THIS NOTE AND THE VALIDITY ENFORCEABILITY HEREOF SHALL BE GOVERNED BY CONSTRUED INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH LAWS OF STATE TEXAS. The term of this Agreement shall commence on April 13, 2015 and continue until is terminated by either party pursuant to the terms hereof. Either party may waive compliance by the other with any provision of this Agreement. The failure a to insist on strict adherence term Agreement occasion shall not be considered waiver or deprive that right thereafter upon No construed as provision. Any must in writing.
Each of the Guarantors irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and, to fullest extent permitted by law, any notice not provided for herein, as well requirement that at time action be taken Person against Borrower, other guarantor Guaranteed Obligations, or Person. Except may prohibited applicable each also benefits provision law requiring Agent exhaust right remedy, take action, Guarantor, person and/or property, otherwise.
Execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements instruments, take such actions (including the filing recording of statements other documents), which may be required under Applicable Law, or Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent Required Lenders reasonably request, to effectuate transactions contemplated by Loan Documents grant, preserve, protect perfect Liens created intended Security validity priority Lien, at expense Credit Parties. The Borrower also agrees provide from time upon reasonable request evidence satisfactory as perfection Documents.
The authorized capital stock of the Company consists 40,000,000 shares Common Stock. Company, as August 18, 2015, currently has 33,724,802 common issued and outstanding. also warrants outstanding that, if fully exercised, would result in issuance 547,525 Company’s stock. Other than warrants, there no options or rights to subscribe to, securities, rights, understandings obligations convertible into exchangeable for giving any right other equity interest Subsidiaries. There are agreements preemptive similar affecting
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between parties relating to this subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral written agreements concerning such matter. The terms of will govern Manager Services undertaken by for Company. GKF shall pay any personal property taxes levied against the Equipment and other or governmental fees assessments, however denoted, whether of federal government, state government local based on this Agreement use except for those taxes, if any, pertaining to gross income receipts Medical Center.
PMH has been duly organized and is validly existing in good standing under the laws of jurisdiction its formation. requisite power authority to (i) own properties, (ii) transact business which it now engaged, (iii) execute deliver Documents (iv) consummate transactions contemplated thereby. qualified do jurisdictions where required be so connection with ownership, maintenance, management operation business. possesses all material rights, licenses, permits authorizations, governmental or otherwise, necessary entitle properties businesses engaged.
In addition to all such rights of indemnity and subrogation as any Guarantor may have under applicable law, the Company agrees that in event a payment shall be made by Guaranty respect Credit Extension Company, indemnify for full amount subrogated Person whom been extent subject provisions executed Guarantor. Notwithstanding provision this Agreement contrary, Guarantors Section 11.10 other indemnity, contribution or law otherwise fully subordinated indefeasible Obligations, no payments until Obligations paid Commitment expired. No failure on part make required (or otherwise) limit obligations liabilities with Guaranty, each remain liable obligation accordance therewith.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Company Participant each their respective heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, successors assigns, subject restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 5 this Agreement. This Amendment is entered into under the laws of State North Carolina, and those shall govern construction enforcement hereof.
Neither party shall issue or make any public announcement, press release other disclosure regarding this Sublease its subject matter the parties without party’s prior written consent, except for such that is, either required a to comply with rights and obligations under Sublease, which in opinion of disclosing counsel, by law rules stock exchange on securities are listed. In event listed, submit proposed writing at least five (5) days date an opportunity comment thereon.
No Loan Party will enter into or cause permit to exist any arrangement, transaction contract (including for the purchase, lease exchange of property rendering services) with its other Affiliates, than Intercompany Subordinated Debt, unless such (i) is on fair and reasonable terms no less favorable it could obtain in an arm’s-length a Person that not Affiliate (ii) kind which would be entered by prudent position one Affiliates.
The term ("Term") of th is Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and continue until such time as a party hereto notifies other at least ten (10) days prior written notice it terminating this Agreement. This Amendment may be signed in any number of counterparts, each which shall an original and all which, taken together, constitute a single instrument. executed by facsimile signature or other similar electronic means such signatures effective as originals.
Executive shall be indemnified by the Company as, and to extent, provided in memorandum articles of association as Executive’s Director Officer Indemnification Agreement dated October 10, 2012. The obligations under this paragraph survive termination Term. The provisions of Sections 1.3, 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and Section 4.1 through 4.11hereof shall survive the termination for any reason or expiration this Agreement period described referenced in each such or, if no is Section, indefinitely.
Other than the purchase of Note, Seller will not enter into any transaction, including, without limitation, purchase, sale, lease or exchange property rendering service, with Affiliate unless such transaction (a) does result in a Default hereunder, (b) is ordinary course Seller’s business and (c) upon fair reasonable terms no less favorable to it would obtain comparable arm’s length Person which an Affiliate, make payment that otherwise permitted by this Section 6.16 Affiliate.
Except in the case where Grantee makes an election under Section 83(b) as provided Paragraph 7 below, Company shall satisfy its withholding tax obligation which arises connection with taxation of Award by from shares Stock to be released upon vesting that number having a fair market value equal no more than amount necessary statutory minimum due. If shall, later date such election, pay or make arrangements satisfactory Board (or delegate) for payment any Federal, state and local taxes required law withheld on account election.
The Company shall be entitled to withhold from amounts paid the Executive hereunder any federal, state or local withholding other taxes charges which it is time required withhold. rely on an opinion of National Tax Counsel if question as amount requirement such arise. In addition, prior date payment hereunder, Federal Insurance Contributions Act (“FICA”) tax imposed under Code Sections 3101, 3121(a) and 3121(v)(2), where applicable, becomes due, a will made cash payments otherwise owing (without regard six-month delay Executive) equal needed pay Executive's portion tax, well resulting therefrom (including additional attributable pyramiding distributions taxes), subsequent reduced accordingly.
This Agreement may be assigned by the Company to any Affiliate or successor business assets of Company. In event such assignment, shall cause successor, as case be, assume obligations hereunder, a written agreement addressed Executive, concurrently with same effect if assignee were “the Company” hereunder. is personal Executive and not assign rights delegate responsibilities
Employee understands and agrees that Bank admits no liability with respect to any claim, demand or cause of action related to, arising out of, their relationship the termination thereof. If any provision hereof should be held unenforceable or void, then such shall deemed separable from the remaining provisions and in no way affect validity of this Mortgage except that if relates to payment monetary sum, Mortgagee may, at its option declare Obligations immediately due payable.
Enter into any transaction of kind with Affiliate the REIT, whether or not in ordinary course business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to REIT a Subsidiary thereof would be obtainable by such at time comparable arm’s length Person an Affiliate; provided that foregoing restriction shall apply (i) transactions between among Loan Parties, (ii) Subsidiaries are after occurrence Permitted Guarantor Release, Parties Wholly Owned (iii) Investments Restricted Payments expressly permitted hereunder.
No material legal or administrative other adversary proceeding investigation is currently pending against CLRI and, to the best knowledge of CLRI, none threatened contemplated by any governmental agency third party. not subject continuing court order, writ, injunction decree. During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation, sick and personal days in accordance with Company's policies respect such effect from time time.
Each party’s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Administrative Agent any assignment rights by, of, a Lender, termination Commitment and repayment, satisfaction discharge all Loan Document. Capitalized terms used herein without definition that are defined in the Loan and Security Agreement shall have same meanings as therein.
This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall deemed to an original and all taken together constitute one the same agreement. Delivery signature page this by facsimile or electronic mail portable document format (PDF) will effective as delivery a manually Agreement. The headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and neither constitute a part nor affect in any way the meaning or interpretation Agreement. When reference is made to Section, such Section unless otherwise indicated.
Each party hereto irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation or proceeding of kind description, whether in law equity, contract tort otherwise, against relating to this letter agreement the transactions thereto, forum other than courts State New York sitting County, United States District Court Southern York, appellate court from thereof, each parties submits jurisdiction such all claims respect may be heard determined or, fullest extent permitted by applicable law, federal court. waives, objection now hereafter have laying venue action arising out referred section. hereby defense an inconvenient maintenance
The Company has not issued any shares of Common Stock or other securities instruments convertible into, exchangeable for otherwise entitling the holder thereof to acquire that would be integrated with sale Securities Purchasers purposes Act applicable stockholder approval provisions, including under rules and regulations exchange automated quotation system on which are listed designated. Assuming accuracy representations warranties as set forth in Agreements, offer by pursuant Agreements will exempt from registration requirements Act.
The failure of either party to insist on strict compliance with any the terms, covenants, or conditions this Agreement by other shall not be deemed a waiver that term, covenant, condition, nor relinquishment right power at one time times for all times. The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive be employed by the Company, upon terms subject conditions set forth in this Agreement.
For the purpose of meeting a legal requirement any jurisdiction in which Trust Property or Financed Vehicle may be located, Administrator and Owner Trustee acting jointly will have power to appoint one more Persons approved by act as separate trustee trustees, co-trustee, with Trustee, Issuer, vest that Person, capacity, title Property, and, subject this Section 9.5, trusts, rights, powers obligations consider necessary advisable. If has not joined appointment within 15 Business Days its receipt request so do, make appointment. No co-trustee under Agreement required eligible 9.1(a) no notice is required.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without effect whatsoever on the between Company other Purchasers, written notice parties, if Closing has not been consummated or before Decemeber 14, 2016; provided , however that no termination will affect right of party sue for breach (or parties).
This Agreement is the result of negotiations among and has been reviewed by counsel to Credit Parties, Agent, each Lender other parties hereto, product all hereto. Accordingly, this Loan Documents shall not be construed against Lenders or Agent merely because Agent’s Lenders’ involvement in preparation such documents agreements. Without limiting generality foregoing, hereto had advice with respect Sections 10.18 10.19.
Borrower acknowledges that the fees and expenses payable as described in this Section will be deducted from gross amount of Loan at Closing, with receiving net proceeds. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, and all taken together constitute one the same instrument. Counterparts delivered by facsimile or email originals.
This Agreement and the Loan Documents are intended by Parties as a final expression of their agreements with respect to subject matter thereof, complete exclusive statement terms conditions that agreement. may not be modified, rescinded, or terminated orally, no modification, rescission, termination attempted waiver any provisions thereof shall valid unless in writing, supported consideration, signed Party against whom same is sought enforced.
The Plan, and all Agreements hereunder, shall be construed administered in accordance with governed by the laws of Commonwealth Virginia intention Company is that ISOs granted under Plan qualify as such Code Section 422. Awards are subject to present future applicable provisions Code. If any provision or an Award conflicts provision, Committee cause amended, modify Award, so comply, if for reason amendments cannot made, void no effect.
Any provision of this Amendment held by a court competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable shall not impair invalidate the remainder and effect thereof confined illegal. All payments under this Agreement shall be subject to applicable tax withholding. This Warrant Certificate and the Warrants evidenced hereby will be governed by construed in accordance with laws of State New York applicable to contracts made performed entirely within such State.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto separate counterparts, each which when so shall deemed to an original all taken together constitute one the same agreement. Delivery telecopier or electronic mail counterpart a signature page this Lender Authorization effective as delivery Agreement.
The term of employment under this Agreement shall be for the period beginning on Commencement Date and ending close business June 28, 2019 (the “Term”), or such earlier date upon which Executive’s is terminated by either Party in accordance with provisions Agreement. This Amendment, along with the Fee Agreement (as amended hereby), shall constitute full and entire understanding agreement between parties regard to subjects hereof thereof, any all other written or oral agreements existing hereto are expressly canceled.
GKF shall pay any personal property taxes levied against the Equipment and other or governmental fees assessments, however denoted, whether of federal government, state government local Government, based on this A gr eement use except for those taxes, if any, pertaining to gross income receipts JFK. The rules of interpretation set forth in Section 12.14 the Separation Agreement are incorporated by reference into this Agreement, mutatis mutandis .
Notices and communications hereunder must be in writing either personally delivered or sent by registered certified United States mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. to the Company addressed Global Payments Inc., 10 Glenlake Parkway, North Tower, Atlanta, Georgia 30328; Attn: Corporate Secretary, any other address designated a written notice Grantee. Grantee will directed of then currently on file with Company, at given Company.
Each Loan Party, on behalf of itself and its predecessors, advisors, agents, Affiliates, directors, employees, officers, parents, representatives subsidiaries, together with successors assigns (collectively, the “ Releasors ” individually each a Releasor ”), knowingly, voluntarily, intentionally releases forever discharges Bank, respective Released Parties Party ”) from all possible claims, counterclaims, demands, actions, causes action, damages, costs, expenses liability whatsoever, known or unknown, anticipated unanticipated, suspected unsuspected, at law in equity, originating whole part before date hereof, which any may now hereafter have against if Claims irrespective whether such arise out contract, tort, violation regulations, otherwise.
The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. and this Agreement (including the exhibits referenced herein, including Joint Escrow Instructions), along with any Separate (to extent applicable) constitute entire agreement of parties respect to subject matter hereof supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings agreements Company Participant hereof. expressly warrants that not executing reliance on promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. has read understands terms provisions Agreement, agrees conditions grant Restricted Stock accordance Agreement.
For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in Agreement shall be writing deemed to have been duly given when delivered or mailed by United States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed respective addresses set forth on first page any changed address notice which either us other.
Each Participation Certificate complies in all respects with, or is exempt from, applicable requirements of federal, state local law relating to such Interest. The Table of Contents and the various headings in this 2016-B Servicing Supplement are included for convenience only will not affect meaning or interpretation any provision Supplement.
In consideration for all services rendered by Executive during the term of this Agreement, Employer shall pay an annual base salary (before customary and proper payroll deductions) $197,003 as adjusted from time to (“Base Salary”). The Board Directors review Executive’s each year, in a manner consistent with that used management employees Employer, its sole discretion may adjust such commensurate performance under Agreement.
Capitalized terms used herein, but not defined have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in Plan. Executive shall be entitled to take paid time off and holidays in accordance with the policies applicable senior executives of BioScrip generally. The covenants and agreements of the Consultant contained Sections 4, 5, 7, 8, 9, 12, 13 above shall survive termination this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original but all together constitute one and the same instrument. The delivery any parties to others a telecopy facsimile signature this have effect as signature. thereafter promptly deliver pages others, however failure delay not vitiate impair legally binding
Seller has timely filed all required federal, state, county and local income, excise, withholding, property, sales, use, franchise other tax returns, declarations reports which are to be on or before the date hereof paid reserved for taxes have become due pursuant such returns any assessment payable except it contested in good faith.
Except as otherwise set forth in the Merger Agreement, all Expenses incurred connection with this Agreement and transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by party incurring such Expense, whether or not are consummated. There are no actions, suits or proceedings at law in equity by before any Governmental Authority other agency now pending and served or, to Borrower’s knowledge, threatened, involving concerning the Collateral. The Borrowers from time threatened with litigation as an ordinary course of business. No current actions concern
Seller is a limited liability company duly organized and validly subsisting under the laws of State New Mexico, has full power authority to conduct its business as it now being conducted, execute, deliver perform this Agreement. During the Employment Term, Executive shall be entitled to twenty (20) paid vacation days per calendar year (prorated for partial years) in accordance with Company’s policies, as effect from time time. The receive other time-off policies executive officers such may exist
This Agreement, the Separation and other Ancillary Agreements Exhibits Schedules referenced herein therein attached hereto or thereto, constitute entire agreement understanding between Parties with respect to subject matter hereof supersede all prior negotiations, agreements, commitments, writings, courses of dealing understandings hereof. THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS OBLIGATIONS OF PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, LAWS STATE NEW YORK. SECTIONS 9.10 9.11 AMENDED CREDIT AGREEMENT ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO APPLY HERETO.
For purposes of interpreting the provisions this Agreement, Parties acknowledge and agree that: (i) Agreement is result negotiations between Buyer Seller, their respective counsel; (ii) Seller are deemed to have equal bargaining power position; (iii) drafted jointly; (iv) rule construction that ambiguities be resolved against drafting party shall not employed in interpretation or Agreement.
Client (i) is a duly organized and validly existing corporation or partnership in good standing under the laws of jurisdiction its formation, (ii) has corporate power authority to own property assets transact business which it engaged presently proposes engage (iii) qualified authorized do every owns leases real nature requires be so qualified, except extent that any failure does not have reasonable likelihood materially affecting operations, properties, Client.
(a) The unpaid principal amount of the Term Loans shall bear interest from Closing Date at a rate per annum that all times be Applicable Margin plus Eurodollar Rate in effect time to time. Interest on accrue and including but excluding date any repayment full thereof payable monthly cash arrears fifteenth day each calendar month (each such an “ Payment ”).
Each Continuing Lender by its signature hereto instructs the Administrative Agent to execute this Amendment and each Non-Continuing other than with respect Section 2. Except as provided in Second TSA Amendment, Loan Agreement Documents shall remain unchanged full force effect. This may be executed any number of counterparts different parties separate counterparts, which when so deemed an original all taken together constitute one same agreement. Delivery counterpart a page electronic transmission effective delivery manually Amendment. governed by, construed accordance with, law State New York.
The Executive acknowledges that each of the restrictions set forth in this Article VI are reasonable and necessary for protection Company’s business opportunities (and those Company Group) a breach any covenants contained would result material irreparable injury to other members Group which there is no adequate remedy at law it will not be possible measure damages such injuries precisely. Accordingly, member shall entitled remedies injunction specific performance, or either remedies, as well all may entitled, law, equity otherwise, without need posting bond by minimum otherwise required court order.
Any and all notices or other communications deliveries required permitted to be provided hereunder shall in writing deemed given effective on the earliest of: (a) date of transmission, if such notice communication is delivered via facsimile electronic mail at number email address set forth signature pages attached hereto prior 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) a Business Day, (b) next Day after day that not later than any (c) 2 nd following mailing, sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service (d) upon actual receipt party whom given. The for as hereto.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the sentence, may not be amend ed, modified or supplemented, and waivers consents to departures from hereof given, without prior written consent Company each Holder affected thereby. The Administrative Agent shall have received a counterpart of this Consent which been executed by the Agent, Issuing Lender, Majority Lenders, Company, and Guarantors (which may be telecopy or PDF transmission).
Prior to the Separation, Employee shall serve as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Manitowoc Foodservice, a division Company reporting Executive Foodservice (the “President”), following Separation will be Corporation report independent board directors “Foodservice Board”) President. faithfully perform such duties have authority may assigned by are consistent with performed held senior vice president chief financial officer. Subsequent Board and/or customary for officer publicly-traded company.
All notices hereunder will be in writing and sent by certified mail, hand delivery, overnight delivery or fax, if to Wainwright, H. C. Wainwright & Co. LLC, at the address set forth on first page hereof, e-mail: notices@hcwco.com, Attention: Head of Investment Banking, Company, fax number Chief Executive Officer. Notices mail shall deemed received five days thereafter, date relevant written record receipt, delivered as time printed thereon machine.
(a) The Company agrees to pay the Agent, in US Dollars, for account of each Lender, a commitment fee, which shall accrue at Applicable Rate on daily unused amount Commitment such during period from and including date this Agreement but excluding terminates. Accrued fees be payable arrears last day March, June, September December year, commencing first occur after Agreement, until Commitments terminate, termination Commitments. All computed basis year 360 days actual number elapsed (including day).
No waiver of any provision this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in the form a writing signed by party granting waiver. or consent to prohibited action constitute other action, whether not similar. continuing commit provide future except extent specifically set forth writing. Any given null and void if requesting such has provided full complete disclosure all material facts relevant requested.
As of the Cutoff Date, 2016-3 Lease Agreement is not a Liquidated Lease, Defaulted or Delinquent and, except as permitted in this paragraph, to best Seller’s and Servicer’s knowledge, no default, breach, violation event permitting acceleration under its terms has occurred; continuing condition that with notice lapse time would constitute arisen; GM Financial waived, shall waive, any foregoing.
Any notice, demand, request, waiver or other communication required permitted to be given hereunder a party shall in writing and effective upon delivery accordance with the requirements for of notices such under Purchase Agreement. This Agreement states the complete agreement of parties relating to undertaking Collateral Agent set forth herein and supersedes all oral negotiations prior writings in respect such undertaking.
As a requirement to be Participant and receive benefits under this Plan, an Officer shall acknowledge agree in his or her Participation Agreement the Waiver Release that will not make any false, disparaging defamatory statement communication third party regarding Partnership’s of its Affiliates’ businesses, products, services, existing former Employees, Seconded directors management; provided, however , nothing Section, nor other Section prohibit from providing truthful testimony as required by law, subpoena compulsory process.
Each Originator shall perform each of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Related Documents comply with all federal, state, provincial local laws regulations applicable to it Receivables, including those relating truth in lending, retail installment sales, fair credit billing, reporting, equal opportunity, debt collection practices, privacy, licensing, securities laws, margin regulations, taxation, ERISA labor matters environmental permits, except where failure so could not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect. pay Charges, any stamp duties, which may imposed as transactions contemplated by Documents, extent such Charges are being contested accordance Section 4.02(k) .
The construction, validity and performance of this Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws state New York, excluding its provisions regarding conflicts law. UNCITRAL Convention on International Sale Goods not apply. No change, modification or waiver of any provision this Agreement shall be valid unless the same in writing and signed by parties hereto.
This Agreement, together with the At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement Option represents entire agreement understanding between parties as to subject matter herein supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements whether written oral, including, without limitation, Offer Letter No waiver, alteration, modification of any provisions this will be binding unless in a writing signed by duly authorized representatives hereto. In entering into no party has relied on made representation, warranty, inducement, promise, that is not Agreement. To extent conflict those other upon Executive’s hire, terms prevail.
Each of the Company and each Subsidiary has good record title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary used in ordinary conduct its business, except for such defects as could not, aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Subsidiaries is subject no Lien, other than Liens permitted by Section 7.01 .
All communications and notices hereunder shall (except as otherwise expressly permitted herein) be in writing given provided Section 10.02 of the Credit Agreement. All notices and communications required or permitted hereunder shall be given as set forth in the Fee Agreement. Pubco will bear all costs incurred in connection with the preparation, execution and performance of this Agreement Transaction contemplated hereby, including fees expenses agents, representatives accountants; provided that Priveco its respective legal hereby.
The SPV shall request an Investment hereunder, by to the Agent (which promptly provide a copy each Managing Agent) given e-mail in form of Request at least noon one (1) Business Day prior proposed date any (including initial Investment). Each such specify (i) desired amount be $1,000,000 aggregate for all Investor Groups or integral multiple $100,000 excess thereof or, extent that then available unused portion Maximum Net is less than amount, lesser equal Investment), and (ii) (the “ Date ”) which Day.
Upon receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice in accordance with terms this Warrant, unless has good faith determined that matters relating to such do not constitute material, nonpublic information its Subsidiaries (as defined Securities Purchase Agreement), shall within one (1) Business Day after publicly disclose on a Current Report Form 8-K otherwise. In event believes contains Subsidiaries, so indicate Holder contemporaneously notice, and absence indication, be allowed presume all Subsidiaries.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities (except any underwriters' discounts commissions of Holders' own professionals, if any; it being understood that not be obligated pay Holder's counsel). agrees use its best efforts cause filing required herein become effective promptly qualify register in such States as are reasonably requested by Holder; provided, however, no event a State which registration would (a) or license do business State, (b) subject material tax where is then so subject, (c) require file general consent service process jurisdiction, (d) principal stockholders escrow their shares capital stock Company.
Neither this Agreement, any Note nor other Loan Document may be amended or modified except in a writing signed by the parties hereto. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by party (whether operation law otherwise) without prior written consent other party. Any purported assignment in violation Section 11 void.
Except as set forth in or modified by the Company Schedule of Exceptions, representations and warranties made Section 3 shall be true correct all material respects date Closing. The Section headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect any way the meaning or interpretation of Agreement.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between parties concerning subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior employment, severance, confidentiality or invention assignment hereto; provided however , that Company reserves shall retain all rights remedies it may have against Executive with respect to breach of agreements. Additionally, except as set forth herein, represents acknowledges no other agreement, promise understanding, express implied, including guarantee future compensation continued has been made by person induce enter into this Agreement.
The Company shall be entitled to withhold from any amounts paid or benefits provided Executive hereunder federal, state, local foreign withholding other taxes charges which it is time required withhold. The Lenders shall have received filed Form 10-K for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries fiscal year ended November 30, 2015 10-Q quarter February 29, 2016 (which financial statement be deemed delivered when with SEC).
For the term of your employment under this Agreement (the “ Employment Period ”), Company agrees to employ you in position Senior Vice President, Technology. You will report Company’s Chief Executive Officer. perform duties and have responsibilities authority customarily performed held by an employee or as otherwise may be assigned delegated
Executive agrees that she will cooperate with the Company, including executing documents and providing requested information, as may reasonably be required to give effect provisions of this Agreement or for Company comply applicable securities laws. This Agreement and any controversy arising out of or relating to this shall be governed by construed under the laws State Delaware, without regard conflict law principles that would result in application other than Delaware.
This First Amendment represents the entire understanding of parties with respect to subject matter hereof, and Lease as amended hereby remains in full force effect may not be modified further except writing executed by bound thereby. Unless expressly herein, terms conditions shall remain effect, confirm ratify same. 9. Miscellaneous . binding upon inure benefit their permitted successors assigns.
Murphy USA, the Company and each other Subsidiary has timely filed or caused to be all Tax returns reports required have been paid Taxes by it, except where (a) (i) validity amount thereof is being contested in good faith appropriate proceedings, (ii) such Subsidiary, as applicable, set aside on its books reserves with respect thereto extent GAAP (iii) contest effectively suspends collection of obligation enforcement any Lien securing (b) failure do so could not, individually aggregate, reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
If, after the Effective Date, any Subsidiary that is not already a Guarantor guarantees Unsecured Borrowed Debt, shall become by executing Guaranty, such Guaranty to be accompanied appropriate corporate resolutions, other documentation and legal opinions in form substance reasonably satisfactory Administrative Agent its counsel. This Agreement and all the provisions hereof shall be binding upon, inure to benefit of, parties hereto their respective successors assigns.
Prior to the commencement of any Alterations, Tenant shall provide Landlord with evidence that or Tenant's contractor carries insurance for workers' compensation, "Builder's All Risk" in an amount approved by covering construction such and other as may reasonably require, it being understood all Alterations be insured pursuant Article 14 this Lease immediately upon completion thereof.
Subject to the satisfaction of conditions precedent set forth herein, Administrative Agent hereby consents Acquisition Transaction and acknowledges that this consent satisfies requirement for a written in clause (k) definition “Event Default” Annex A CSA. To extent consummation would have practical effect resulting any breach under Documents (e.g., Funding Termination Event, Event Default, Servicer Amortization or other Default default thereunder), waives and, required Documents, requisite Lenders waive such default, effective immediately as closing Transaction, at direction Agent, Collateral Paying Custodian acknowledge waiver. No waiver shall extend subsequent event, occurrence impair related rights relating thereto.
Where any person is entitled to receive Shares pursuant this Award, the Company shall have right require such pay amount of tax which required withhold with respect Shares, or, in lieu thereof, retain, or sell without notice, a sufficient number cover be withheld. The failure of either the Company or Employee to insist upon performance any term in this Agreement shall not waive such other Agreement. Instead, remain full force and effect as if no forbearance had occurred.
The Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement shall be considered to earned and vested upon a Change in Control that occurs before the end of Performance Period extent determined by Committee good faith Section 11.9(b) Plan, provided Grantee is then employed Company or one its Affiliates. In event become Paragraph 6, payment made consistent with terms Plan as soon practicable (but no more than five business days) following Control. If party an Officer Special Severance Agreement, treatment Award governed such agreement.
The Employee and the Company may, by mutual agreement, amend or modify this Agreement, provided, however, that any such amendment modification shall only be effected a written instrument executed both Employee. The Parent Borrower hereby guarantees that payments hereunder will be paid to the Administrative Agent without set-off or counterclaim in Dollars at Funding Office.
This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, together with Exhibits, certificates, documents, instruments writings that are delivered pursuant thereto, constitute entire agreement understanding of parties hereto in respect their subject matters supersede all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by among such parties, written oral, to extent they relate any way matter hereof transactions contemplated hereby.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement and subject to Section 2.6 of the Plan, RSU shall vest accordance with vesting schedule Notice; that Participant has continuously been Service Company from Date Grant through date. Notwithstanding foregoing, set forth Notice 1 will be any or acceleration provisions may Participant’s employment agreement other Company, approved by Committee.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without effect whatsoever on the between Company other Purchasers, written notice parties, if Closing has not been consummated or before May 6, 2016 (the “ Termination Date ”); provided , however that no termination will affect right of party sue for breach (or parties).
Proceeds of Collateral include insurance proceeds and, therefore, the Lien Priority shall govern ultimate disposition casualty proceeds. The Senior Representative and Junior be named as additional insured or loss payee, applicable, with respect to all policies relating Collateral. Until Discharge Obligations, (a) have sole exclusive right, against any Secured Party, adjust settlement claims in event covered loss, theft destruction (b) such remitted Representative, each other Agent cooperate (if necessary) a reasonable manner effecting payment accordance Section 4.01.
This Agreement may not be modified or terminated orally. No modification termination will valid unless in writing and signed by the party against which is sought to enforced. Neither party will be treated as having waived any rights by not exercising (or delaying the exercise of) under this Agreement. This Agreement is binding on and shall inure to the benefit of Members their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors permitted assigns, this not confer any rights or remedies upon other Person.
All Unvested Units shall vest as of the date a Change in Control occurs and be issued soon administratively possible so long with respect to any amounts that Company determines deferred compensation within meaning Section 409A Code, such qualifies “change ownership or effective control” “ownership substantial portion assets” meanings ascribed terms Treasury Department regulations other guidance under Code.
On the day prior to Closing Date, Purchaser and Sellers shall execute deliver Statement generated by Escrow Agent. Subject satisfaction of conditions set forth in Article IV , as reasonably determined Purchaser, on Agent will (i) not later than 3:00 P.M. EST Purchase Price form a wire transfer immediately available funds pursuant Sellers’ escrow instruction letter addressed (the “ Instruction Letter ”) Purchaser’s ”), (ii) release for recordation Deeds such other documents may be recorded Letter, (iii) all Documents respectively, Letter.
This Agreement, constitutes the sole, exclusive and only agreements of parties hereto pertaining to subject matter hereof, contains all covenants, conditions between parties, express or implied, whether by statute otherwise, sets forth respective rights, duties obligations each party other as date hereof. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall affect any confidentiality agreements, intellectual property non-solicitation/non-servicing type restrictive covenant agreement that Employee has entered into previously subsequently enters with Company its Affiliates. No oral understandings, statements, promises inducements exist.
As compensation for his Services during the Term, Company shall pay Employee a base salary at annual rate of $380,000.00 (the “ Base Salary ”), payable in accordance with Company’s general policies and procedures payment salaries to its employees as effect from time time. Employee’s performance be reviewed by Reporting Person not less often than annually purpose evaluating potential increases recommendation approval.
All corporate action on the part of Company, its officers, directors and shareholders necessary for authorization, execution delivery this Agreement has been taken. The Company requisite power to enter into carry out perform obligations under terms Agreement. will have issue sell Shares. This duly executed delivered by constitutes valid binding obligation enforceable against it in accordance with terms, except (i) as limited general equitable principles applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium other laws application affecting enforcement creditors’ rights generally, (ii) relating availability specific performance, injunctive relief or remedies (iii) insofar indemnification contribution provisions may be law.
Excluding the minute books of Sellers, operational and records Sellers related to three years prior date Closing are in possession correct complete all material respects. This Agreement may be executed simul-taneously in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute and the same instrument. The Parties agree that facsimile signatures this a valid binding execution Agreement.
If any Event of Default occurs, Landlord may at time after such occurrence, with or without notice demand except as stated in this paragraph, and limiting the exercise right remedy law which have by reason Default, rights remedies, either singularly combination, are specified described subparagraphs paragraph to extent permitted under Illinois law.
None of the representations and warranties in this Agreement or any schedule, instrument other document delivered pursuant to shall survive Closing Date termination Agreement. This Section 15.2 not limit covenant agreement contained that by its terms is be performed whole part after This Exhibit shall automatically terminate in the event that License Agreement is terminated accordance with its terms.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement Acquisition Company hereby agrees (i) issue at Closing each Investor number Securities set forth opposite such Investor’s name on Schedule 2.01 (ii) issue, upon cancellation stock certificate representing Holdback Shares (as defined in Purchase Agreement), date that is six months following Date, accordance with an allocation be a schedule delivered by Kimmeridge Energy no later than seven (7) days prior Date.
This Loan Agreement and each of the other Instruments executed delivered on closing are binding obligations Borrower such document is enforceable in accordance with its terms. Terms and references used but not otherwise defined in this Fourth Amendment have the respective meanings given to such terms Original Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when so shall together constitute but one and the same agreement. Delivery an counterpart this by facsimile or other electronic means equally effective as delivery originally counterpart.
Importer shall not modify or amend the Tier-Two Agreement, nor waive any of ’ s rights under without providing at least [ *** ] prior written notice to SPIL . provide copies notices received by pursuant Agreement within such receipt Importer, and discuss with all requests approve consent actions related before making decision regarding requests.
If Executive is no longer employed by the Company for any reason, and shall in good faith negotiate future cooperation as reasonably requested at a reasonable rate period of less than six (6) months. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which when so and delivered shall deemed to an original all together one the same agreement.
The Board shall make or provide for such substitution adjustments in the number of Shares covered by this Agreement and kind shares thereby and/or other equitable as may determine to prevent dilution enlargement Participant’s rights that otherwise would result from (i) any stock dividend, extraordinary cash-dividend, split, combination shares, recapitalization, change capital structure Company, (ii) merger, consolidation, spin-off, split-off, spin-out, split-up, reclassification, reorganization, partial complete liquidation, distribution assets issuance warrants purchase securities, (iii) corporate transaction event having an effect similar foregoing. In case a Change Control, substitutions include, without limitation, canceling all RSUs exchange cash payments connection with adjustment event.
This Eighth Amendment may be executed by the Parties in separate counterparts and delivered electronic or facsimile transmission otherwise all such shall together constitute one same instrument. Borrower and its Subsidiaries will conduct their business in material compliance with the Anti-Corruption Laws any Sanctions to extent applicable or Subsidiaries. EACH BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ISSUING BANK AND OF LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT RELATING LOAN DOCUMENTS, LOANS, LETTERS CREDIT ACTIONS LENDER NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE ENFORCEMENT THEREOF.
The execution, delivery and performance by such Purchaser of this Agreement the Registration Rights consummation transactions contemplated hereby thereby will not (i) result in a violation organizational documents Purchaser, (ii) conflict with, or constitute default (or an event which with notice lapse time both would become default) under, give to others any rights termination, amendment, acceleration cancellation of, agreement, indenture instrument is party, (iii) law, rule, regulation, order, judgment decree (including federal state securities laws) applicable except case clauses above, for conflicts, defaults, violations not, individually aggregate, reasonably be expected have material adverse effect on ability perform its obligations hereunder.
Upon a Participant’s Termination for any reason other than death, Disability, Retirement or Cause, Option held by such Participant that was vested and exercisable immediately before may be exercised at time until the earlier of (a) ninetieth (90th) day following (b) Expiration Date. The Company agrees that, during the Executive's employment, it will reimburse Executive for out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred in connection with performance of Executive’s services hereunder, upon presentation by an itemized accounting such expenditures, supporting receipts. Reimbursement shall be compliance Company’s expense reimbursement policies.
Unless otherwise specified in the Agreement relating to an option or SAR, as case may be, if Company ceases employ holder of SAR by reason such holder’s death, each and held shall be fully exercisable, thereafter exercised executor, administrator, legal representative, beneficiary similar person until including earlier occur (i) date which is three years after death (ii) expiration term SAR.
This Amendment shall be effective December 15, 2015. Except as hereby amended, the Plan remain in full force and effect. This First Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate each which when so delivered shall an original, but all together constitute one same instrument. via facsimile or other electronic transmissions.
This Agreement, the exhibits and schedules hereto, other Transaction Documents, certificates documents delivered pursuant hereto constitute entire agreement among parties relative to specific subject matter hereof thereof. Schedule 4.21 sets forth a true, complete and correct description, in all material respects, of insurance maintained by or on behalf each Borrower as the Closing Date. As such date, is full force effect.
All notices and other communications given pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed have been properly or delivered received, when if by hand in person, or, mailed, five (5) business days following the deposit of any such notice U.S. mail system certified registered postage prepaid, addressed Mr. Murray at address first above written, Company, attention Company’s Chief Executive Officer Company written. From time time, party hereto may designate written which communication copies thereof sent.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TO FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY WITH RESPECT LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER IN CONNECTION THIS AGREEMENT TRANSACTIONS. (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO TRANSACTIONS, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 10.14.
If the Restructuring Transactions are not consummated, or if this Agreement is terminated for any reason, Parties fully reserve and all of their rights. Pursuant to Federal Rule Evidence 408 other applicable rules evidence, negotiations relating hereto shall be admissible into evidence in proceeding than a enforce its terms, pursue consummation Transactions, payment damages which Party may entitled under Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed by facsimile signatures and in several counterparts, the parties hereto separate each counterpart, when so delivered, shall constitute an original agreement, all such counterparts but one same agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court law to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (i) that shall deemed amended achieve as nearly possible the same effect original provision, and (ii) legality, validity enforceability remaining provisions not affected impaired thereby.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the execution of a counterpart hereof by each parties hereto and receipt Borrower Administrative Agent written notification such authorization delivery thereof. This Agreement is intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement and to be complete exclusive statement understanding hereto in respect subject matter contained herein. supersedes all prior agreements understandings between with such matter, except for, provided Transaction Documents.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date on which it is executed by Employee, provided that also signed Company and Employee does not timely revoke this in accordance with provisions Section 5. As an inducement to Contractor executed this Agreement, Company agrees the execution of Indemnification Agreement ("Indemnification Agreement"), on terms and conditions substantially in form annexed hereto as Exhibit B.
Seller and Spin-Off Subsidiary are in compliance with all Laws Orders respect of the operation, activities, conduct transactions business (the “ Business ”) operations ownership or possession Shares. None activity, Shares conflicts rights any other Person violates, without giving notice passage time, both, will violate, conflict result a default, right to accelerate loss under, terms provisions Lien, contract Law Order which is party by Seller, may be bound affected. has not received written or, oral actual alleged violation non-compliance applicable Laws. own possess right, title interest Permits required as now being conducted, such valid full force effect conditions Permits.
The rules of construction set forth in Annex A shall apply to this Purchase Agreement and are hereby incorporated by reference into as if fully Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined have the respective meanings given such , which is THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF STATE FLORIDA APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE. VENUE FOR ANY LEGAL ACTION HEREUNDER EITHER CIRCUIT COURT PINELLAS COUNTY, FLORIDA, OR UNITED STATES DISTRICT MIDDLE FLORIDA.
No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid binding upon the parties unless is in writing and approved by Employee Board; provided, however, that if a member Board, must recuse himself from any vote to amend accelerate vesting Awarded Shares, sole may not amended Shares accelerated. THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF STATE DELAWARE APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE FULLY PERFORMED THEREIN RESIDENTS THEREOF, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT ANY CHOICE OR CONFLICT LAW PROVISION RULE THAT WOULD CAUSE OTHER JURISDICTION APPLY.
No provision of this Agreement shall be modified or amended except by an instrument in writing duly executed the parties hereto. custom, act, payment, favor indulgence grant any additional right to Executive deemed a waiver Company Executive’s obligations hereunder release therefrom impose obligation upon Company. party breach other term hereof assent succeeding same provision.
This Amendment may be executed in multiple counterparts (including by means of signature pages facsimile or e-mail transmission PDF format), any one which need not contain the signatures more than party, but all such taken together shall constitute and same instrument. Unless otherwise specified, all amounts due under this Section 10.03 shall be payable not later than 30 days after written demand therefor.
No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge Party, officer, director, employee, agent or Affiliate thereof, is in violation country list based economic and trade sanctions administered enforced by Sanctions Authorities. (a) a Sanctioned Person Entity, (b) has assets located Entities, (c) derives revenues from investments in, transactions with Persons Entities. proceeds Advances made, Letter Credit issued, hereunder will be used, directly indirectly, (i) fund operations finance activities make payments to, Entity (ii) manner that would result instituted Authorities applicable Party.
This Plan shall be construed in accordance with ERISA and to the extent does not preempt state law, laws of State New York (without giving effect conflict law provisions). Headings subheadings have been added only for convenience reference no substantive whatsoever. All references articles this unless otherwise stated. The masculine pronoun includes feminine. singular include plural all singular.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will deemed an original, but all together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Once executed, Parties agrees that any reproduction made by reliable means (e.g., photocopy fax) considered original. You will indemnify and save harmless the Company from any loss incurred directly or indirectly by reason of falsity inaccuracy representation made herein. The you
The Company shall pay, or cause a Subsidiary to all the reasonable out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred by Managers in connection with travel attendance at Board meetings other business functions on behalf of, with, any Subsidiaries their respective businesses. This Agreement and the performance hereunder shall be construed determined in accordance with laws of State Missouri.
Each Loan Document is a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Party party thereto, enforceable against such in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement creditors’ rights generally general principles equity, regardless whether considered proceeding law equity. Each party has participated in negotiating and drafting this Agreement, so if any ambiguity or question of intent arises, Agreement is to be construed as the Parties had drafted it jointly, opposed being against a because was responsible for one more provisions Agreement.
A Limited Partner may not transfer any of such Partner’s rights as a without the consent General Partner, which withhold in its sole discretion. For purposes of this Note, the following capitalized terms have meaning. THE CREDIT AGREEMENT, AS AMENDED BY THIS FIFTH AMENDMENT, AND OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN PARTIES TO SUBJECT MATTER THEREIN HEREIN MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS PARTIES.
The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company, its officers several Initial Purchasers set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement (i) will remain operative full force effect, regardless any (A) investigation, statement as results thereof, by on behalf Purchaser, officers, employees, agents affiliates person controlling employees case may be (B) acceptance Securities payment for them hereunder (ii) survive delivery sold termination Agreement. provisions Section 5, 7, 9, 10, 14, 18 19 hereof shall cancellation
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for two (2) years, unless terminated sooner pursuant to provisions (the “ Initial Term ”). At expiration Term, Agreement, each annual anniversary thereafter, will renew automatically an additional one (1) year period Renewal ”) either party notifies other in writing its or his intention not Termination Notice less than six (6) months prior any are referred collectively as
Participant shall be eligible to receive an Award only if remains employed by the Corporation through last day of Performance Period. If ceases at any time prior Period, then, except as otherwise provided below, this Agreement canceled immediately on Separation Date and cease have right or entitlement payment hereunder. Nothing contained in Plan confer upon continue employment same job level that holds Grant.
Each capitalized term used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Annex A . Any Indemnitor or any other party liable upon in respect of this Agreement the Loan may be released by Administrative Agent writing without affecting liability not so released. No Party shall assign this Agreement or any part hereof without the prior written consent of other Party. Subject to foregoing, be binding upon and inure benefit Parties their respective permitted successors assigns.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission other form of electronic delivery, such shall create a valid and binding obligation party executing (or on whose behalf executed) with same force effect as if page were an original thereof.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries Company are set forth in Exhibit 21.1 Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. The owns, directly or indirectly, all capital stock other equity interests each Subsidiary free clear any Liens (other than liens held by DBD Credit Funding LLC Equity Stock Transfer behalf certain holders debt), issued outstanding shares validly fully paid, non-assessable preemptive similar rights to subscribe purchase securities. If has no subsidiaries, references Subsidiaries them Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.
This Agreem ent shall become effective as provided in Section 3.01 and thereafter be binding upon inure to the benefit of Borrower , Administrative Agent Issuing Lender each their respective successors assigns except that not have right assign its rights or delegate duties under this Agreement any interest without prior written consent Lender.
The provisions of the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, are to be deemed severable; illegality, invalidity or unenforceability any provision shall not affect impair remaining provisions, which continue in full force and effect, if such illegal, invalid unenforceable were part Amendment (but only extent unenforceability). This Agreement and the Plan may be amended without consent of Director if such amendment would not adversely affect in any material way rights under this Agreement, or is adopted accordance with Section 17.4 Plan. Except as provided Plan, no shall, Director, Agreement.
All interest, as well fees and other charges calculated on a per annum basis, shall be computed for the actual days elapsed, based year of 360 days. Each determination by Agent any or interest rate hereunder final, conclusive binding all purposes, absent manifest error. fully earned when due not subject to rebate, refund proration. payable under Section 3.2 are compensation services not, deemed be, charge use, forbearance detention money. A certificate amounts Borrowers 3.4, 3.6, 3.7, 3.9 5.8 , submitted Borrower affected Lender error, pay such appropriate party within ten (10) following receipt certificate.
Any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement shall be brought in the courts of The Commonwealth Massachusetts United States America for District Massachusetts. By execution and delivery Agreement, each parties hereto accepts itself its property, generally unconditionally, jurisdiction aforesaid courts. Each irrevocably consents service process any aforementioned such by mailing copies thereof certified mail, postage prepaid, party at address set forth Section 12(a) hereof. THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AS ALL CLAIMS HEREUNDER.
The Company may terminate Executive’s employment if Executive incurs a Disability upon written notice of termination in accordance with Section 4. agrees, the event dispute relating to Disability, submit physical examination by licensed physician selected and reasonably acceptable Executive. If terminates on account no further payments shall be due under this Agreement. However, entitled (i) any benefits accrued or earned terms applicable benefit plans programs Company, (ii) amounts earned, owing but not yet paid 1 above through Termination Date (iii) pro rated bonus for year which occurs, calculated same manner as set forth 2.2(a)(ii) above.
The Target has the requisite corporate power, authority and capacity to enter into this Agreement all other agreements instruments be executed by as contemplated perform its obligations hereunder under such instruments. execution delivery of performance have been duly authorized Board no proceedings on part or any Subsidiaries is necessary authorize Arrangement pursuant Plan Arrangement. This delivered constitutes a legal, valid binding obligation Target, enforceable against in accordance with terms, subject qualification that enforceability may limited bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization laws general application relating affecting rights creditors equitable remedies, including specific performance, are discretionary not ordered.
The Company has a “no vacation” policy, which provides that no vacation time or other paid off is accrued. Rather, the expects Executive to determine for himself, consistent with his duties and responsibilities, how much can reasonably be spent away from office purposes such as personal vacation, relaxation, family needs, all in accordance Company’s policy it may effect time, including informing Board obtaining any necessary approvals.
None of the Issuers will create, incur, or suffer to exist any Lien on Collateral except (i) security interest created by this Security Agreement, and (ii) other Liens permitted pursuant Indenture. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original but all when taken together one contract, and become effective as provided Section 7.04 hereof. Delivery counterpart to this by facsimile transmission electronic format (including “pdf”) delivery a manually signed original.
The term of this Agreement shall be for an initial period three years commencing as the Effective Date, and automatically renewed successive three-year periods thereafter, unless terminated pursuant to Section 6 below; provided, however , that Executive’s obligations in 5 below continue effect after such termination. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each which when so delivered shall an original, but all together constitute one the same instrument. Delivery counterpart a signature page this telecopy or e-mail effective as delivery manually Amendment.
The fees and expenses of the Selling Member incurred in connection with a Tag-along Sale for benefit all Members (it being understood that costs by or on behalf its sole will not be considered to Members), extent paid reimbursed Company prospective Transferee, shall shared participating pro rata basis, based aggregate consideration received each such Member.
No course of dealing or any delay failure to exercise right hereunder on the part Holder shall operate as a waiver such otherwise prejudice Holder's rights, powers remedies. Without limiting other provision this Warrant Agreement, if Company willfully and knowingly fails comply with Warrant, which results in material damages Holder, pay amounts be sufficient cover costs expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees, including those appellate proceedings, incurred by collecting due pursuant hereto enforcing its remedies hereunder.
SOOUM has paid all federal, state, local and foreign taxes, assessments, fees other governmental charges it is legally required to pay. filed tax returns reports file the are true, correct complete have not been amended, taxes arising under either fully or adequately reserved for in Financial Statements, will be timely when due.
The Manager shall have the right to keep confidential from Members (but not members of Management Committee), for such period as deems reasonable, any information which reasonably believes be in nature trade secrets or other disclosure good faith is best interest Company, its business, Company required by law agreement with a third party confidential. provisions this Section 11.2.2 no way limit ability Designees inspecting information.
For purposes of this Section 2.14 , the term “Requirement Law” includes FATCA. Except as set forth on Schedule 6.11 , there is no pending, or to the best of any Loan Party’s knowledge threatened, action, suit, proceeding, counterclaim by Person against Party, knowledge, investigation Governmental Authority, basis for foregoing, which could reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect.
The granting and settlement of the RSUs, any other obligations Company under this Agreement shall be subject to all applicable federal state laws, rules, regulations such approvals by regulatory or governmental agency as may required. Committee, in its sole discretion, postpone issuance delivery Common Stock hereunder Committee consider appropriate require Participant make representations furnish information it connection with compliance regulations.
Maker and any endorsers guarantors of this Note, all others who may become liable for or part the obligations evidenced by severally waive presentment payment, protest, notice dishonor, demand, non-payment, benefit statutes, ordinances, judicial rulings, other legal principles kind, now hereafter enacted in force, affording right cure to a stay execution extension time payment exempting property such person from levy sale upon judgment obtained holder respect Note.
Consistent with the Stockholder Designee’s obligations as a director of Company to maintain confidentiality information, and in furtherance Company’s policies relating applicable directors, Designee acknowledges agrees that he or she will not disclose information any officers, employees, advisers other persons associated Stockholder; provided , however shall be permitted such employees pursuant terms NDA.
Landlord recognizes Savills Studley, Inc. (the “ Broker ”) as the sole broker procuring this Amendment and shall pay said a commission pursuant to separate agreement between Landlord. Tenant each represent warrant other that, except provided in preceding sentence, neither of them has employed or dealt with any broker, agent finder carrying on negotiations relating Amendment. indemnify hold harmless from against claim claims for brokerage commissions asserted by engaged whom connection Amendment, than Broker.
This Option is exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth Section 1 and applicable provisions of this Agreement Plan. In no event will become for additional Shares after a Termination Service any reason. Notwithstanding foregoing, becomes full if Company subject to Change Control before Optionee's Service, within 12 months Optionee resulting from: (i) involuntary discharge by (or Affiliate employing him or her) reasons other than Cause (defined below), death Disability; (ii) resignation Good Reason below). may also 2.11 below.
This Agreement shall not be assignable or otherwise transferable by a party without the prior consent of other parties, and any attempt to so assign transfer this such void no effect; provided , however that Henderson may, in its sole discretion, all rights, interests obligations under affiliate Henderson, but assignment relieve from Agreement. binding upon respective heirs, successors, legal representatives permitted assigns parties hereto. Nothing construed as giving person, than hereto their assigns, right, remedy claim respect provision hereof.
Any term or provision of this Agreement may be waived, the time for its performance extended, by Party entitled to benefit thereof. such waiver shall validly and sufficiently given purposes if, as any Party, it is in writing signed Party. The failure enforce at not construed a provision, way affect validity part hereof right thereafter each every provision. No breach held constitute other subsequent breach. single partial exercise remedy under precludes simultaneous right, power privilege. rights remedies set forth are exclusive of, but cumulative to, now subsequently existing law, equity statute.
Employee irrevocably waives any current or future objection to the laying of venue action proceeding arising out relating this Agreement brought in Virginia state federal court and on ground that such either has been an inconvenient forum. However, nothing Section 5.7 will affect right Company bring against his property courts other jurisdictions.
In the event that any one or more of provisions this Agreement shall be become invalid, illegal unenforceable in respect, validity, legality and enforceability remaining contained herein not affected thereby. terms are deemed invalid by laws Virginia other state jurisdiction which it is to enforced, reason being vague unreasonable as duration geographic scope activities restricted, for reason, provision question immediately amended reformed extent necessary make valid enforceable court such charged with interpreting and/or enforcing provision. Executive agrees acknowledges question, so reformed, though portion had never been included herein.
The proceeds of the Revolving Loan will be used solely for refinancing Highland Term and to fund a portion cost real estate acquisitions related investments made by NMOP. No part used, whether directly or indirectly, financing, funding completing hostile acquisition publicly traded Persons any purpose that entails violation Regulations Board, including U X.
This Note, and all of its terms, shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon successors assigns, agents, directors, members, managers, partners, officers, heirs, executors, administrators, insurers, underwriters, employees, parents, subsidiaries affiliates Maker Payee. Interest shall equal Five Percent (5%) of the Principal Amount per annum based on an Actual/360 day basis (the “ ”) from date hereof. All accrued be due and payable in full upon maturity, conversion or prepayment this Note, as provided herein, with applicable adjustments for partial conversions prepayments.
The Borrower will not request any Loan or Letter of Credit, and the shall use, procure that its Subsidiaries their respective directors, officers, employees agents proceeds Credit ( A a ) in furtherance an offer, payment, promise to pay, authorization payment giving money, anything else value, Person violation Anti-Corruption Laws, B b for purpose funding, financing facilitating activities, business transaction with Sanctioned Person, Country, extent such businesses transactions would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted corporation incorporated United States European Union member state, C c manner result applicable party hereto.
Borrower acknowledges and agrees that Lender is specifically reasonably relying upon the representations, warranties, agreements contained herein, this Agreement being executed by delivered to as an inducement forbear from exercising contractual remedies available under Financing Agreements. Such forbearance expressly conditioned on accuracy reliability of are set forth in Agreement. Notwithstanding foregoing, nothing shall prevent immediately, without further notice or right cure (all which hereby waived Borrower), its rights Agreements a subsequent Default, Event breach any terms conditions therein, such modified amended waives, extent permitted law, for Forbearance Period, statute limitations applicable Lender’s interest Obligations.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any of payments or benefits be made provided connection with Agreement, together other payments, awards which you have right receive from Company, corporation is a member an “affiliated group” (as defined section 1504(a) Code without regard 1504(b) Code), Company member, constitute “excess parachute payment” 280G(b) such will reduced by minimum amount deems necessary so that none under are excess payments. The calculations determine reduction must good faith legal counsel certified public accountant selected and determination conclusive binding upon Company.
Tenant hereby confirms that (i) the Lease is in full force and effect possession of Existing Premises; (ii) Landlord has performed all outstanding Landlord’s Work under Lease; (iii) to Tenant’s knowledge, there are no defaults by Lease. effect; or The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of an Authorized Officer the Borrower in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to certifying that all governmental third party approvals necessary connection with this Agreement continuing operations Parent its Subsidiaries been obtained remains full force effect.
The Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that the covenants obligations made undertaken in this Section 9 are fair reasonable all respects, including, without limitation, with respect to duration, geographic area scope of activity, do not (and shall not) prevent from earning a livelihood. In event one or more provisions is held invalid, void unenforceable by any court competent jurisdiction, such invalidity, voidness unenforceability render other part provision Agreement. Further, if found be invalid severed, modified redefined consideration concerns needs Company intent parties agreeing Agreement impaired question enforceable fullest extent permitted applicable laws.
Any dispute or controversy arising out of this Agreement, its interpretation, shall be submitted to and resolved exclusively by arbitration in New York City, under the rules American Arbitration Association as then effect. award such final binding upon parties judgment thereon may entered any court competent jurisdiction. The Employer may withhold from any benefits payable under this Plan all federal, state, city or other taxes as be required pursuant to law governmental regulation ruling.
THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY, LENDERS, AGENT IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE ACTION BASED UPON ARISING OUT RELATED THIS AGREEMENT, DOCUMENTS, TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY THEREBY, IN ACTION, PROCEEDING, LITIGATION TYPE BROUGHT SUCH PARTIES AGAINST PARTY AGENT-RELATED PERSON, PARTICIPANT, ASSIGNEE, WHETHER WITH RESPECT CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT OTHERWISE. BORROWER, AGREE THAT SHALL BE TRIED COURT WITHOUT JURY. LIMITING FOREGOING, FURTHER RIGHT IS WAIVED OPERATION SECTION AS COUNTERCLAIM PROCEEDING WHICH SEEKS, WHOLE PART, CHALLENGE VALIDITY ENFORCEABILITY PROVISION HEREOF THEREOF. WAIVER APPLY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS, MODIFICATIONS AGREEMENT DOCUMENTS.
The Company hereby amends and restates the “Helix Energy Solutions Group, Inc. 2005 Long Term Incentive Plan,” as set forth in this document. Plan permits grant of Options, SARs, Restricted Stock, Stock Units, Cash Awards Performance Awards. shall become effective on latest (a) date is approved by Board (b) holders at least a majority outstanding shares voting stock (c) if provisions corporate charter, by-laws or applicable state law prescribes greater degree stockholder approval for action, that percentage, meeting stockholders.
THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF ITS PROPERTY, TO NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF COURTS STATE NEW YORK SITTING IN COUNTY, UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN YORK, ANY APPELLATE FROM THEREOF, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT RELATING THIS AGREEMENT DOCUMENT, RECOGNITION ENFORCEMENT JUDGMENT, PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS RESPECT SUCH MAY BE HEARD DETERMINED OR, FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FEDERAL COURT. A FINAL JUDGMENT SHALL CONCLUSIVE ENFORCED JURISDICTIONS SUIT ON MANNER PROVIDED LAW. NOTHING DOCUMENT AFFECT RIGHT ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, LENDER L/C ISSUER OTHERWISE HAVE BRING AGAINST PROPERTIES JURISDICTION.
Executive represents that he has had the opportunity to discuss this matter with and obtain advice from his own legal counsel, sufficient time to, carefully read fully understands all provisions of agreement, is knowingly voluntarily entering into Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement or its application is held invalid, the invalidity shall not affect other provisions applications which can be given effect without invalid and, therefore, are declared to severable.
Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement will be in writing deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or mailed U.S. registered certified mail, return receipt requested postage prepaid. In the case of Executive, notices addressed him her at home address which he she most recently communicated Company writing. Company, its corporate headquarters, directed attention CEO.
A Participant shall be 100% vested at all times in his or her Deferral Subaccount. Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 5.1 above, this Amendment shall constitute a legal, valid and binding agreement such Loan Party, enforceable against it accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by Debtor Relief Laws general principles equity good faith fair dealing.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without effect whatsoever on the between Company other Purchasers, written notice parties, if Closing has not been consummated or before September 30, 2016; provided , however that no termination will affect right of party sue for breach (or parties).
The Company hereby hires and employs Employee as of the Effective Date Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel Secretary accepts such employment with on terms conditions set forth herein. Should any covenant, term or condition contained in this Agreement become be declared invalid unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the parties agree that shall requested to judicially modify such provision consistent with intent so it enforceable fullest extent possible.
In the event of any dispute, difference or question arising between Parties in connection with this Agreement, construction thereof, rights, duties liabilities either Party hereunder, other than Disputed Matter that is submitted for resolution as provided Section 2.1.6 (each, an “ Arbitration ”), shall initiate arbitration proceeding to be conducted accordance procedures set forth Exhibit D attached hereto.
This Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between parties as to subject matter herein supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements whether written oral, including any that provide for severance benefits. No waiver, alteration, modification of provisions this will be binding unless in a writing specifically references Section is signed by duly authorized representatives hereto.
Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be all Tax returns reports required have been paid Taxes by it, except (a) any that are being contested in good faith appropriate proceedings for which such Subsidiary, as applicable, set aside on books adequate reserves (b) extent failure do so could not reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
In the event that a Change in Control (as defined Plan) occurs prior to lapsing of forfeiture restrictions with respect any portion shares Restricted Stock awarded hereunder, Compensation Committee, consummation such Control, shall determine, based on Company’s actual performance Performance Measurements for period from date this Agreement through Committee makes determination, number which would be expected lapse Periods are not yet completed at time as its determination and shall, immediately without regard whether will thereafter achieved.
Employee and the Company acknowledge that this Agreement contains entire agreement understanding of parties no other representation or any kind whatsoever has been made to by person entity cause sign Agreement. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY DOCUMENT, EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, LAW OF STATE NEW YORK.
Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Article VIII shall be binding upon Buyer and Seller; Buyer’s failure to insist the strict performance of any term, condition other provision Agreement Program Agreements, exercise right remedy hereunder thereunder, not constitute a by such Default Event connection therewith, nor single partial preclude future exercise, remedy; affect alter each every Agreements shall, event, continue full force effect operative respect then existing subsequent therewith. An under deemed continuing unless until waived writing Buyer, as provided Section 7.02 .
This Amendment No. 1 may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall deemed an original as against party whose signature appears thereon, and all together constitute one the same instrument. Delivery counterpart a page this by telecopy or other electronic transmission (e.g. pdf mail) effective manually 1.
This Agreement and, to the extent referenced herein, Merger Agreement, and any other documents delivered by parties in connection herewith constitute entire agreement among with respect subject matter hereof supersede all prior agreements understandings, both written oral, thereto. Notwithstanding anything contained this contrary, nothing is intended or shall be construed give Person, than hereto, their successors permitted assigns, legal equitable right, remedy claim under of provision herein.
This Agreement may be amended, before or after the adoption of this by stockholders Company and Merger Sub only an instrument making specific reference to in writing signed on behalf each parties; provided that, any amendment adopted shall not (1) alter change Per Share Amount cash received Securityholders, (2) term certificate incorporation Surviving Corporation as Exhibit B (3) terms conditions if such alteration would adversely affect Securityholders.
The representations and warranties of the Stockholder contained herein shall not survive Termination Date. This First Amendment may be executed by the parties hereto in several counterparts, each of which shall deemed to an original and all constitute together but one same agreement. Delivery counterparts this telecopy or other electronic transmission effective as a representation that will delivered.
Each of Landlord and Tenant (in such capacity, the “ Indemnifying Party ”) represents warrants to other party Indemnified that has not dealt with any broker or agent in negotiation for obtaining this Amendment agrees reimburse, indemnify, save, defend (at Party’s option counsel reasonably acceptable Party, at sole cost expense) hold harmless its affiliates their respective shareholders, members, directors, officers employees successors assigns for, from against all liability compensation claimed by employed engaged claiming have been Party.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of State California, without giving effect to any choice or conflict law provision rule (whether California other jurisdiction) that would cause application jurisdiction than California. If court action is necessary enforce terms and conditions this Agreement, Parties hereby agree Superior Court County Orange, sole venue for bringing such action.
Any Deliverables or Cornell Materials produced in connection with this Agreement shall be promptly and fully disclosed to Annapurna accordance the terms of Agreement. Each Second Priority Representative, on behalf of itself and the other applicable Secured Parties, agrees it shall take such actions with respect to ABL Collateral as First Representative reasonably request in connection an Enforcement Action by any Party or exercise Parties their rights set forth herein.
The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide counsel for CAC (a) drafts of all material motions, applications (other than seeking retain professional advisors), and other documents the intends file with Bankruptcy Court, no less three (3) Business Days before date when any such document unless advance notice is impossible or impracticable under circumstances.
The Parent hereby waives notice of the acceptance this Guaranty and extension or continuation Obligations any part thereof. further diligence, presentment, protest, demand action delinquency in respect thereof, including right to require Administrative Agent Lender sue Borrower , other guarantor Person obligated with otherwise enforce payment thereof against collateral securing provided that if at time portion is rescinded must be restored returned upon insolvency, bankruptcy reorganization otherwise, ’s obligations hereunder such shall reinstated as though had not been made. holders have no obligation disclose discuss their assessments financial condition .
This Agreement and the Plan contain entire agreement understanding of parties hereto with respect to subject matter conta ined herein supersede all prior communications, representations negotiations thereto. During the Employment Period (as hereinafter defined), Company shall employ Employee, and Employee accept employment with Company, all upon terms subject to conditions set forth in this Agreement.
The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that after giving effect this Amendment (a) all of representations warranties contained in Loan Documents (other than representation set forth Section 4.4 Credit Agreement) are true correct material respects on as date hereof, (b) no event has occurred is continuing which constitutes a Default or an Event Default.
Any and all documents and/or information exchanged between the Parties or with Arbitration Panel will be confidential. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing by required Law, Parties, their respective representatives Affiliates, witnesses, Panel, Chamber its secretariats shall undertake, as a general principle, to keep confidential existence, content awards decisions relating arbitration proceeding, together material used therein created for purposes thereof, well other produced Party during proceeding which are not public domain – except if extent that such disclosure is from one of pursuant Law.
With respect to each Mortgage Loan as of the related Funding Date, Seller makes “Representations and Warranties Respecting Individual Loans” are set forth in Guide it exists on date such representation warranty was made. This Agreement and the rights obligations of parties hereunder shall be governed by, construed, interpreted enforced in accordance with, laws State Delaware.
Any notice required by the terms of this Award Agreement shall be given in writing and deemed effective upon personal delivery or deposit with U.S. Postal Service, registered certified mail, postage fees prepaid. Notice addressed to Company at its principal executive office Participant address that he she most recently provided Company.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue until is terminated in accordance with section 3 . Company recognizes as Employee’s start date for services rendered calculating all entitlements pursuant to Agreement. This Agreement (including the schedules hereto), together with Confidentiality constitutes entire agreement between parties respect to subject matter of this and supersedes all prior agreements understandings, both oral written, Agreement.
Prior to the Closing Date, Purchaser shall have right assign this Agreement an affiliated assignee, as long such assignee assume and agree perform in writing all of Purchaser’s obligations hereunder shall, simultaneously with assignment, provide Seller a copy written instrument, which notice be given at least fifteen (15) Business Days prior Closing. Anything contrary set forth preceding sentence notwithstanding, remain liable for under Agreement, it being understood that any assignment not deemed release assignor’s hereunder.
EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY WAIVES, AND AGREES CAUSE ITS AFFILIATES WAIVE, FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT TRIAL JURY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR (i) ARISING UNDER (ii) IN WAY CONNECTED WITH RELATED INCIDENTAL DEALINGS HERETO RESPECT TRANSACTIONS HERETO, CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING HEREAFTER ARISING, CONTRACT, TORT, EQUITY OTHERWISE. CONSENTS THAT SUCH SHALL BE DECIDED COURT WITHOUT A MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART COPY AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE CONSENT WAIVER THEIR JURY.
All notices required hereunder shall be given by telephone (confirmed in writing) or writing and personally delivered sent facsimile transmission, reputable overnight delivery service certified United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the respective parties at their addresses set forth on Exhibit A otherwise as inform ed other part ies written notice aforesaid. so deemed effective upon receipt or, if mailed, earlier occur of expiration fourth day following date mailing.
Upon exercise of all or any part the Non-Qualified Stock Options hereunder, Participant will pay make adequate arrangements satisfactory to Corporation price per Share portion which and satisfy withholding payment obligations payable upon exercise. In this regard, authorizes withhold applicable taxes by from his her wages other income assets as required requirements Corporation.
The Board may grant options to purchase Common Stock (each, an “ Option ”) and determine the number of shares be covered by each Option, exercise price conditions limitations applicable including relating federal or state securities laws, as it considers necessary advisable. An that is not intended Incentive (as hereinafter defined) shall designated a Nonstatutory ”.
This Agreement shall be governed by the internal law (and not of conflicts laws) State Colorado. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of State Tennessee and substantive federal United States such state. Subject to Section 4 hereof, Assignors hereby unconditionally and irrevocably grant, bargain, sell, assign, transfer, convey, deliver Assignee all of Assignors’ right, title interest in, under the Contracts free clear Encumbrances (the “ Assignment ”).
Regardless of any action the Company or Participant’s employer takes with respect to all income tax, social insurance, payroll payment on account other applicable taxes (“Tax Items”) in connection Award, Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that ultimate liability for Tax Items legally due by is remains responsibility Participant. Further, if has become subject tax more than one jurisdiction between date grant relevant taxable withholding event, as applicable, and/or Employer (or former employer, applicable) may be required withhold Tax-Related jurisdiction.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement the performance by it transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized all necessary corporate action will not violate (a) such Party’s certificate incorporation or bylaws, (b) any agreement, instrument contractual obligation to which Party is bound in material respect, (c) requirement Applicable Law, (d) order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination award court governmental agency presently effect applicable Party.
This Award Agreement may be executed in two counterparts each of which shall deemed an original and both together co nstitute one the same instrument. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall a Participant be permitted to exercise an Option manner that Committee determines would violate any Applicable Law or applicable rules and regulations of Securities Exchange Commission securities exchange inter-dealer quotation system on which Common Stock is listed quoted, if any.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications to be given pursuant this Agreement shall in writing deemed have been duly if delivered by hand or mailed registered certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, the addresses set forth at beginning of such address as a party designated notice party, provided that any change must actually received effective hereunder.
Executive shall serve as the Company’s Chief Commercial Officer and report directly to Officer. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of successors assignees Company. The Grantee may not sell, assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose Units, except a successor grantee in event Grantee’s death. The holders of shares Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to the same rights as Common with respect receive notices, reports and audited accounts from Company attending stockholder meetings.
In the event of any action, mediation or other proceedings between among parties hereto with respect to this Agreement, each party shall pay for their own attorneys’ fees and related costs expenses, irrespective which is deemed be prevailing party. The laws of the State Delaware shall govern interpretation, validity, administration, enforcement, and performance terms this RSU Agreement regardless law that might be applied under principles conflicts laws.
The Assignors hereby assign and transfer to Assignee all of their respective right, title, interest in, to, under the Restated Pipelines Terminals Agreement, effective as Effective Time. The provisions of this Section 10.04 shall not apply with respect to liability for taxes, which be subject 3.01 (other than taxes that represent losses arising from any non-Tax claim).
Meetings of the Board Directors may be called by Chairman, President or upon written request two Directors, on 24 hours’ notice to each Director, either personally telephone mail, telegraph, telex, cable, wireless other form recorded electronic communication, such shorter as person persons calling meeting deem necessary appropriate in circumstances. Notice any need not given however, if waived Director writing shall present at meeting.
To Contributors Best Knowledge, all licenses, permits or other governmental approvals (including without limitation, Approvals and Entitlements) required to be obtained by the owner of any Contributed Properties in connection with permitting, approval, construction, use, occupancy, management, leasing operation T-9 Project have been are full force effect good standing, Entitlements fully vested not subject divestiture. Additional entitlements and/or may necessary for future building projects depending on actual uses proposed. Such include site plan design review tentative map final parcel improvement permit approval occupancy approval.
The Company has the power and right to deduct or withhold, require Grantee remit Company, an amount sufficient satisfy Federal, state local taxes (including Grantee’s FICA obligation) required by law be withheld with respect grant vesting of Restricted Shares. The terms and provisions of this Article VII , any right arising out or accruing in connection with the Agreement attributable to events circumstances occurring whole part prior termination expiration Agreement, all rights obligations so specified shall survive earlier Agreement.
The Borrowers will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, execute any all further documents, financing statements, agreements instruments, take such actions (including the filing recording of statements documents), which may be required under applicable law, or Administrative Agent Required Lenders reasonably request, to effectuate transactions contemplated by Documents grant, preserve, protect perfect Liens created Collateral validity priority Lien, at expense Parties. also agree provide Agent, from time upon reasonable evidence satisfactory as perfection intended Documents.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS GUARANTY AGREEMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OTHER THEORY). (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
The Borrower will comply, and cause each Subsidiary to in all material respects, with applicable laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, requirements of Governmental Authorities (including, without limitation, the Interstate Commerce Commission Termination Act 1995, Environmental Laws, ERISA Anti-Corruption Laws Sanctions, rules regulations thereunder) except where necessity compliance therewith is contested good faith by appropriate proceedings or such failure could not be reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Change.
Based on the representation and warranties contained in Section 5.12, no authorization, license, permit, franchise, approval, order or consent of, registration, declaration filing by AKDS Acquiror with, any governmental authority, domestic foreign, federal, state local, is required connection with execution, delivery performance of this Agreement other agreement contemplated hereby Acquiror.
If any Reviewing Party determines that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified hereunder in whole or part under the Operative Materials, shall have right challenge such determination within 90 days of by Delaware Court (as defined below). In case, made indemnification and/or Expense Advances Materials binding, and required reimburse Company for Expenses theretofore paid on behalf until a final with respect thereto which all rights appeal therefrom been exhausted lapsed). Absent challenge, conclusive binding Indemnitee.
If any provision of this Agreement is determined by an arbitrator or a court competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof, application such Persons circumstances in jurisdictions other than those as which it has been held shall remain full force and effect no way affected, impaired invalidated thereby. Upon determination, Parties negotiate good faith effort agree upon suitable equitable effect, closely possible, original intent Parties.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OR RELATED THIS AGREEMENT OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY. The provisions of Article 7 (Representations and Warranties), 9 (“Confidentiality Intellectual Property”), 10 (Indemnification”), 11 (“General”) this Agreement shall survive the termination for any reason.
The Company agrees to indemnify, hold harmless, reimburse and defend the Creditor, Creditor’s officers, directors, agents, affiliates, members, managers, control persons, principal shareholders, against any claim, cost, expense, liability, obligation, loss or damage (including reasonable legal fees) of nature, incurred by imposed upon Creditor such person which results, arises out is based (i) material misrepresentation breach representation warranty in this Agreement; (ii) after applicable notice and/or cure periods, default performance covenant undertaking be performed hereunder.
The Designated Agent shall have received payment of all expenses then due and payable to the pursuant Credit Agreement (including reasonable attorney costs Agent), subject Borrower receiving an invoice with respect thereto. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN RESPECT OF SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING DIRECTLY INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT.
There is no Action which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity enforceability of any Transaction Documents Securities (ii) except as specifically disclosed in SEC Reports, would, if there were an unfavorable decision, individually aggregate, have reasonably be expected to result a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Party shall use the name or any trademark, trade name, logo symbol of other Party’s Affiliates, disclose matters relating to this Agreement, in advertising, promotion, press/publicity releases, written articles communications without prior consent Party.
This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of be enforceable by Seller Purchaser respective successors Purchaser. Pursuant Section 32 below, may not assign any portion this Agreement. All payments under this Agreement shall be made subject to applicable tax withholding, and the Company withhold from any all federal, state local taxes, as is required pursuant law or governmental rule regulation. Employee bear expense of, solely responsible for, taxes due with respect payment received Agreement.
The obligations of the Parent under Sections 6.01, 6.05, 6.06, 12.03 and 12.04 hereof Lenders Section 11.05 shall survive repayment Loans termination Bridge Commitments. Any employer shall be entitled, if necessary or desirable, to pay withhold the amount of any federal, state local tax attributable amounts payable by it under PIP, and may require payment from participant in an satisfy such taxes prior remitting taxes.
Schedule 4.20 lists all insurance policies (by policy number, insurer, coverage period, amount, annual premium and type of policy) held by the Purchaser relating to or its business, properties, assets, directors, officers employees, copies which have been provided Company. All premiums due payable under such timely paid is otherwise in material compliance with terms policies. are full force effect, Knowledge Purchaser, there no threatened termination of, increase respect to, any There claims made Purchaser. The has each reported insurers pending circumstances that would reasonably be expected result a claim, except where failure report claim not likely Material Adverse Effect on
The Lenders shall have received (i) audited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for 2013, 2014 and 2015 fiscal years (iii) unaudited interim each quarter ended after date latest applicable delivered pursuant to clause this paragraph at least 45 days prior Restatement Effective Date. By signing this Agreement, the party represents that he or she has unconditional authority to enter into Agreement on behalf of Client.
This Agreement and any claim, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract tort otherwise) based upon, arising out relating to this the transactions contemplated hereby shall be construed accordance with governed by law State New York. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among parties with respect to subject matter of this and supersedes all prior agreements understandings, both oral written, its matter.
All demands, notices and communications hereunder shall be in writing delivered or mailed by registered certified first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, hand delivery, prepaid courier service, facsimile electronic transmission, addressed each case as set forth on Schedule I hereto at such other address designated a written notice to the parties hereto. Any required permitted Noteholder given first class of shown Note Register. Delivery occur only upon receipt reported tender communication an officer recipient entitled receive located for hereunder; provided , however that any within time prescribed this Agreement conclusively presumed have been duly given, whether not notice.
Each party hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of courts State New York sitting in County United States District Court Southern York, any appellate court from thereof, action or proceeding arising out relating this Agreement other Credit Document, recognition enforcement judgment, each parties agrees that all claims respect such may be heard determined or, fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Federal court. a final judgment shall conclusive enforced jurisdictions suit on manner provided law. Nothing Document affect right otherwise have bring against Party properties jurisdiction.
The Executive shall be entitled to the benefit of indemnification provisions contained in Company’s Amended and Restated Operating Agreement even herewith, as it may amended from time time, extent permitted by applicable law, at assertion any liability against Executive. The Executive shall be en titled to four (4) weeks of annual vacation in accordance with the policies periodically established by Board.
If any Reviewing Party determines that Indemnitee substantively is not entitled to be indemnified hereunder in whole or part under applicable law, shall have the right commence litigation seeking a ruling by court challenging such Determination aspect thereof, including legal factual bases therefor, and, subject provisions of Section 17 , Company hereby consents service process and appear proceeding. Absent litigation, conclusive binding on Indemnitee.
The Loan Parties own, or possess the right to use, all of trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, franchises, licenses and other intellectual property rights that are reasonably necessary for operation their respective businesses, without conflict with any Person, except extent failure do so would not be expected result in a Material Adverse Effect. To best knowledge Borrower, no slogan advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part material now employed, contemplated by Party infringes upon held which, either individually aggregate, have No claim litigation regarding foregoing is pending or, threatened, could
The parties to this Agreement agree that it is their intention the Parity Liens be identical. In furtherance of foregoing, hereto Lien Security Documents creating upon Collateral securing any Obligation shall in all material respects same forms documents (or documents) as respective Notes on Collateral. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed interpreted in accordance with, the laws of Commonwealth Pennsylvania without regard to conflict principles. Any claim or controversy arising out relating this brought exclusively federal state court located Philadelphia, parties hereby consent personal jurisdiction venue such court.
Such Shareholder has all necessary legal capacity, power and authority to execute deliver this Agreement perform its obligations hereunder. This been duly executed delivered by such and, assuming it validly authorized, the other parties hereto, constitutes a legal, valid binding obligation of Shareholder, enforceable against in accordance with terms, except extent that enforceability may be limited (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws now hereafter effect relating creditors’ rights generally, (ii) general principles equity.
Headings at the beginning of each article and section are solely for convenience parties not a part this Agreement. Whenever required by context Agreement, singular will include plural masculine feminine vice versa. This Agreement be construed as if it had been prepared one parties, but rather both same. All exhibits schedules referred to in attached incorporated reference, any capitalized term used exhibit or schedule which is defined such have meaning attributable body In event date on Purchaser Sellers take action under terms Business Day, taken next succeeding Day.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be determined to illegal or unenforceable by a court competent jurisdiction, limited eliminated minimum extent necessary so otherwise remain in full force and effect enforceable. Neither the Borrower nor any of Subsidiary is in default manner under provision indenture or other agreement instrument evidencing Indebtedness, to which it a party by its properties assets are may be bound, where such could reasonably expected result Material Adverse Effect.
Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement Company shall addressed in care Secretary at Company’s principal office, and any Participant Participant’s last address reflected on records. By a pursuant Section 5.5, either party may hereafter designate different for notices that party. which is required shall, if then deceased, person entitled exercise Option 4.1 hereof by written 5.5. deemed duly when sent via email or certified mail (return receipt requested) deposited (with postage prepaid) post office branch regularly maintained United States Postal Service.
All decisions of the Committee with respect to any question or issue arising under Plan this Award Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on all persons having an interest in option. Upon a cessation of the Participant’s service with Company for any reason not set forth in Section 2(a)(ii), Units that have become earned and vested on or prior to effective date such will be forfeited immediately automatically Participant no further rights respect thereto.
The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only a nd shall be disregarded interpreting the substantive provisions of Agreement. Time is essence each term The Purchaser is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction formation, has requisite power authority to carry on business as it now being conducted.
Purchaser is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of State Utah, has full corporate power authority to conduct its business as presently conducted enter into perform this Agreement. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date as set forth above and end three (3) year anniversary (the “ Expiration ”), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 5 hereof " Term ").
The Stockholder has legal right and capacity, to execute deliver this Agreement, perform the Stockholder’s obligations hereunder consummate transactions contemplated by Agreement. execution delivery of Agreement consummation have been duly validly authorized all necessary action Stockholder, no other proceedings on part or any Affiliate thereof are authorize This executed delivered and, assuming due authorization, Parent, constitutes a valid binding obligation enforceable against in accordance with its terms (except extent that enforceability (a) may be limited applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, moratorium, reorganization similar Laws affecting relating creditors’ rights generally (whether now hereafter effect) (b) is subject general principles equity).
Executive shall not disparage the Company, its agents or employees in any manner during following Executive’s employment with Company. publish, communicate, post blog disparaging confidential information about The Borrower shall have paid or made arrangements to pay contemporaneously with the effectiveness of Incremental Commitment Amendment all fees and expenses required be in connection therewith (including fees, charges disbursements counsel Administrative Agent (directly such if requested by Agent)).
This Transition Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Executive and Company concerning Executive’s relationship with Company, supersedes replaces any all prior agreements understandings Parties other than Sections of Employment specifically referenced in Section 5 hereof 15 thereof, which continue to survive ANSYS Intellectual Property Protection dated March 14, 2011, Director Indemnification February 8, 2000 each award applicable outstanding equity awards set forth on Schedule 1 hereto, shall survive.
Buyer and Seller shall cooperate fully with each other their respective counsel accountants in connection any actions required to be taken as a part of obligations under this Agreement, including but not limited the obtaining Consents. After Closing, take such actions, execute deliver party further documents as, reasonable opinion for party, may necessary ensure, complete evidence full effective consummation transactions contemplated by Agreement.
The loans made pursuant to the Incremental Term Loan B Facility (the “ Loans ”) may only be incurred on Closing Date and proceeds thereof shall utilized, together with of Senior Subordinated Notes, Securities or Bridge Facility, as applicable, solely (i) finance, in part, Acquisition Refinancing pay fees, premiums, expenses other transaction costs connection Transactions, including OID upfront fees (ii) extent any portion Credit remains available following application preceding clause (i), for general corporate purposes.
Any controversy or claim arising out of relating to this Agreement, the breach thereof, except for controversies claims Sections 5 through 8 Agreement which will be handled pursuant Section 9 settled by binding arbitration in accordance with Employment Rules American Arbitration Association using one arbitrator. The decision panel final and on parties, judgment upon award rendered may entered any court having jurisdiction thereof.
The Bank shall provide for the withholding of any taxes required to be withheld by federal, state or local law with respect payment in cash, shares stock and/or other property made on behalf benefit Executive under this Agreement otherwise. may, at its option: (a) withhold such from cash payments owing Executive, (b) require pay amount as may satisfy obligations (c) make satisfactory arrangements obligations.
The provisions of the Plan shall bind and inure to benefit Employer its successors assigns Participant Participant’s Beneficiary, heirs assigns. Seller has not incurred any liability, contingent or otherwise, for brokers’ finders’ fees in respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement which Buyer Party will have responsibility whatsoever. The obligations of the parties to indemnify or make contribution under this Article V shall survive termination Agreement.
Except as may be otherwise provided by the Plan, any written notices for in Plan and this Award Agreement shall writing deemed sufficiently given if either hand delivered or sent email, fax overnight courier, postage paid first class mail. Notices mail received three business days after mailed but no event later than date of actual receipt. Notice also electronic submission, to extent permitted Committee. directed, Grantee, at Grantee’s physical home Company email address indicated Company’s records, Company, principal office, attention Human Resources Department !HR@heritageoaksbank.com.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of Commonwealth Puerto Rico. No amendment or waiver of any provision this Agreement other Loan Document, nor consent to departure by Credit Party therefrom, shall in event be effective unless the same writing and signed Bank (and case an amendment) Company, then such only specific instance for purpose which given.
No omission or course of dealing on the part Agent, any Lender holder Note (or, if there is no Note, interest as reflected books and records Agent) in exercising right, power remedy hereunder under other Loan Documents shall operate a waiver thereof; nor single partial exercise such preclude further thereof Documents. The remedies herein provided are cumulative addition to rights, powers privileges held by operation law, contract otherwise.
All tax returns required to be filed by or on behalf of PhotoMedex with respect the Assets any them have been duly and timely filed, all such are true, complete correct. taxes owed (whether not shown return) for which could liable Assets, including sales, use value added taxes, in whole part, paid. There no liens upon and, as Effective Date, there is basis governmental agency impose a lien Assets. has withheld paid connection amounts owing employee, contractor, creditor, stockholder other third party. properly charged, collected applicable use, similar
The Employee agrees, by acceptance of the Award, that if breaches any provision Sections 5(a), (b), (c), (d) or (e), in addition to and all other remedies available Corporation, (i) Award Restricted Shares subject rights with respect such shall upon written notice (which may be electronic form) immediately forfeited terminate cancelled; (ii) Corporation have right reclaim receive from Common Stock cash, as applicable, issued paid Shares, extent has transferred Stock, Fair Market Value thereof (as date was Employee) cash return payment which requires action on part made within five (5) business days following receipt demand therefore.
Wells Fargo has the corporate power and authority to execute, deliver carry out terms provisions of this Agreement taken all necessary action authorize execution, delivery performance by it Agreement. duly executed delivered Agreement, constitutes its legal, valid binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with except that such enforceability may be subject (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now hereafter effect relating affecting creditors’ rights generally (ii) general principles equity (regardless whether enforcement is sought a proceeding at law).
The representations and warranties made by it in the First Step Transfer Agreement as amended hereby are true correct all material respects (except that any representation warranty is qualified materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language will be (after giving effect to qualification therein) respects) on of Lease Closing Date though Date, except extent such expressly relate an earlier date, which case shall only date.
This Lease may be executed in two or more duplicate originals. Each original shall deemed to an hereof. The Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement by the Company for all necessary and reasonable travel, entertainment other business expenses incurred her in connection with duties hereunder. reimburse such upon presentation of an itemized account appropriate supporting documentation, accordance Company’s generally applicable policies as effect from time time.
This Agreement together with the Plan supersede any and all other prior understandings agreements, either oral or in writing, between parties respect to subject matter hereof constitute sole only agreements said matter. All negotiations are merged into this Agreement. Each party acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, orally otherwise, have been made by anyone acting on behalf of party, which not embodied agreement, statement promise is contained shall be valid binding force effect.
Menzel shall be paid an initial base salary of $546,000 per year in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll procedures. Increases Menzel’s salary, if any, as approved by Board or its compensation committee. Except for litigation disclosed on Schedule 3.6 , there shall not exist any material litigation, investigation, bankruptcy or insolvency, injunction, order claim affecting relating to Credit Party of its Subsidiaries with respect this Agreement and the other Documents that has been settled, dismissed, vacated, discharged terminated prior Closing Date.
Each of the parties hereto hereby consents to jurisdiction all state and federal courts located in San Diego County, California, as well which an appeal may be taken from such courts, for purpose any suit, action, or other proceeding arising out of, connection with, this Agreement transactions contemplated hereby, including relating ancillary measures aid arbitration, provisional remedies, interim relief, enforce arbitral decision award. party expressly waives rights bring before court tribunal than described above covenants that it shall not seek manner resolve dispute set forth section, challenge aside decision, award, judgment obtained accordance with provisions hereof.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF ITS PROPERTY, TO EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION COURTS STATE NEW YORK SITTING IN BOROUGH MANHATTAN UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN YORK, ANY APPELLATE FROM THEREOF, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT RELATING THIS AGREEMENT OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, RECOGNITION ENFORCEMENT JUDGMENT, AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS RESPECT SUCH MAY BE HEARD DETERMINED OR, FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FEDERAL COURT; PROVIDED IF REASON CANNOT WILL NOT ACCEPT OVER PROCEEDING, EXCLUSIVITY SHALL APPLY. A FINAL JUDGMENT CONCLUSIVE ENFORCED JURISDICTIONS SUIT ON MANNER LAW.
Each Borrowing Base Obligor shall keep accurate and complete records of its Inventory, including costs daily withdrawals additions, submit to Agent inventory reconciliation reports in form satisfactory Agent, on such periodic basis as may request. conduct a physical at least once per calendar year (and more frequent if requested by when an Event Default exists) cycle counts consistent with historical practices, provide report based each count promptly upon completion thereof, together supporting information participate observe count.
The Borrower agrees to pay the Administrative Agent, for its own account, an agency fee payable in amount and at times separately agreed upon between Company Agent. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to effective and valid under applicable law, but if any is held prohibited by or invalid law jurisdiction, ineffective only the extent prohibition invalidity, without invalidating other Agreement.
From the Commencement Date until December 31, 2016, Executive shall serve as President and Chief Operating Officer of Company, have duties, responsibilities authority commensurate with such positions in that capacity supervision control over responsibility for day-to-day operations including, specifically, leadership global marketing, worldwide sales services, product development subject all events to oversight Company (the “Current CEO”). The other powers duties may from time be prescribed by Board Directors “Board”) or Current CEO are consistent Executive’s position, if gives specific any additional departments, role not taken away without consent. will report directly respect each his functions authorities hereunder.
Upon the payment in full and termination of Security Agreements, Secured Party shall execute, acknowledge deliver to Debtors an instrument writing, prepared by debtors, recordable form releasing collateral pledge, grant, assignment, lien security interest Patents Trademarks under this Intellectual Property Agreement. Each party hereto agrees to comply with, and be bound by, the confidentiality provisions of Section 20 MLS Intercreditor Agreement as if they were set forth herein.
If any provision of this Release is declared or determined by court competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, unenforceable, the legality, validity, and enforceability remaining parts, terms provisions shall not affected thereby, said invalid part, term provision, deemed part Release. The provisions of Section 8.3 shall survive the dissolution, liquidation, winding up and termination Company.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the closing delivery of Shares for a period 180 days following Closing. covenants Closing indefinitely unless specific covenant expires under its terms at an earlier time. No amendment or modification of any provision this Agreement other Loan Document shall be effective unless the same in writing and signed by Lender Borrower their sole absolute discretion, then such waiver consent only specific instance for purpose which given.
One or more ERISA Events shall have occurred that, in the reasonable opinion of Requisite Lenders, when taken together with all other such Events, could reasonably be expected to result (i) a Material Adverse Effect (ii) imposition Lien on any properties Holdings its Subsidiaries and will Effect. This Amendment No. 2 may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto in any number separate counterparts, and all such counterparts taken together shall deemed to constitute same instrument. Delivery this facsimile electronic transmission portable document format (.pdf) effective as delivery a manually counterpart hereof.
The payment of any amount pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject applicable withholding and payroll taxes such other deductions as may required under the Company’s Helius’ employee benefit plans, if any. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Agreement shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate a waiver any right, power or remedy Lender, the Administrative Agent other Person under Loan Documents, constitute modification provision Documents.
Except as otherwise permitted under Section 6.3 or 6.4, each Borrower will, and will cause of its Subsidiaries to, at all times preserve keep in full force effect such Person’s valid existence good standing jurisdiction organization and, except could not reasonably be expected to result a Material Adverse Effect, with respect other jurisdictions which it is qualified do business any rights, franchises, permits, licenses, accreditations, authorizations, approvals material their businesses.
On the Effective Date, all reasonable costs, fees and expenses (including, without limitation, legal expenses) payable under terms of this Agreement (or any letter or other agreement with Agents) to Agents Lenders shall have been paid extent due. Service Recipient shall be responsible for all applicable state sales and use taxes required to paid in connection with payment Provider’s performance of the Services. Provider cooperate good faith at Recipient’s expense order permit establish any exemption from or reduction to, obtain credit refund of, such taxes.
ARTICLE and SECTION headings in this AGREEMENT are for the convenience of reference only shall not constitute a part applicable LOAN DOCUMENTS any other purpose. You agree that, during the Term and for a period of one year thereafter, that you shall not, in any communications with press or other media customer, client supplier CBS CBS’s affiliated companies, criticize, ridicule make statement which disparages is derogatory their respective directors senior officers.
The Company and Parent on the one hand, Consultant other, shall have right to terminate Engagement for any reason or no prior Expiration Date, in accordance with Section 3.2 3.3, as applicable. No party may assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of other parties, except as otherwise provided herein. Any purported assignment in violation Section 14 shall be void.
If any term or provisions of this Agreement, the application thereof to person circumstance, shall be invalid unenforceable, remainder such provision persons circumstances, other than those as which it is held invalid, both unaffected thereby and each Agreement valid enforced fullest extent permitted by law. The Loan Parties agree to reimburse the Administrative Agent for all reasonable documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of in connection with preparation, execution delivery this Agreement, including without limitation fees Moore & Van Allen, PLLC.
During the Employment Period, Executive shall be employed in business of Employer and its affiliates. serve as a senior corporate executive have title Chief Officer (“CEO”) and, for so long elected, member Board Directors (the “Board”). Executive, CEO, principally responsible all decision-making with respect to (including hiring dismissal subordinate executives), subject supervision ordinary course by Chairman (“Chairman”) or Board, it being expressly understood agreed that will consult frequently may take an active role working develop policies Employer. Executive’s duties authority further set forth By-laws otherwise established from time but events such commensurate his position CEO
The failure by the Company or its agent to enforce any provision of this Policy at time from time, and with respect person persons, shall not be construed a waiver such provision, nor in way limit Company’s agent’s ability situation. This Agreement is a personal contract calling for the provision of unique services by Mr. Gjerdrum, and Gjerdrum’s rights obligations hereunder may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated. The Company under this bind run in favor successors assigns Company.
Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, payment of amount or Severance Benefits pursuant subsections (d) and (e) this Section 8 shall be conditioned upon Employee’s execution non-revocation (if such right exists) Release Claims, within timeframe specified, which in no event more than 60 days following date termination employment hereunder. Further, extent that constitutes “nonqualified deferred compensation” for purposes 409A Code, benefit otherwise scheduled occur prior designated Claims hereunder, but condition on executing as set forth herein, not made until first regularly payroll timeframe, after remaining thereafter provided Employee according applicable schedule herein.
Attached as Exhibit H is a list of insurance policies carried and coverages maintained by Seller with respect to the Facility, upon request Purchaser, shall provide copies any Purchaser. Seller’s are in full force effect include coverages, policy limits, deductibles other terms that customary for Permitted Use at similar facilities.
Subject to the entry of Orders and subject terms thereof, this Agreement has been duly executed delivered by Holdings, each Borrower Subsidiary Loan Party constitutes, other Document when that is party thereto will constitute, a legal, valid binding obligation such enforceable against in accordance with its terms, (i) effects bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally (ii) general principles equity (regardless whether enforceability considered proceeding at law).
The definitions in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well plural forms of such terms. THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY CONSENT TO JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE COURT LOCATED WITHIN PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA OR UNITED STATES SITTING IN AND IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL ACTIONS PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT RELATING THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LITIGATED SUCH COURTS.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between parties respecting employment of Executive, there being no representations, warranties or commitments except as set forth herein and supersedes replaces all other agreements related to subject matter hereof. In event is a conflict any provision this agreement, plan, policy arrangement Company Affiliate, most favorable Executive shall govern.
Evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that all warranties relating Projects in Project Pool inure benefit of, and are enforceable by, relevant Subsidiary. This Assignment may not be modified, amended or otherwise changed in any manner unless done so by a writing executed the parties hereto. The Company hereby employs Executive, and Executive accepts employment with the Company, as President Chief Officer of Company.
Nothing contained in this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to constitute a waiver past, present future Event Default under Note. In the case of Executive’s Disability prior to termination Service, PBRSUs shall vest in amount determined by Committee pursuant Payout Formula (if Minimum Performance Condition is satisfied) as later (i) Determination Date, or (ii) date Disability.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between parties and supersedes all prior agreements understandings, whether written or oral, relating to subject matter of this Agreement. The acknowledge agree that Employment hereby is terminated no further force effect, except with respect terms thereof specifically survive termination are incorporated herein under Section 7. Contractor acknowledges agrees he has freely determined terminate waive any benefits which employees Company entitled.
The Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, do or to be done all things necessary preserve, renew keep in full force effect its legal existence the rights, licenses, permits, privileges franchises material conduct of business maintain, if necessary, qualification jurisdiction which Oil Gas Properties is located ownership requires such qualification, except where failure so qualify could not reasonably expected have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that foregoing shall prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation dissolution permitted under Section 9.11 .
There is no Litigation, action, suit, proceeding, claim, arbitration or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of Subscriber, threatened in writing against nor Subscriber subject any outstanding order, writ, judgment, injunction decree that, case, would (i) prevent, hinder materially delay consummation transactions contemplated by this Agreement Share Purchase (ii) otherwise performance its respective obligations under Agreement, Rights Agreements.
The execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents, borrowing hereunder use proceeds thereof, will not violate any material Requirement Law or Organizational Document Contractual Obligation MAC its Subsidiaries, create result in creation Lien on assets Borrower Parties. Subject to Section 10.03(b) and 10.03(c), no amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision the Loan Documents, consent departure by Party therefrom, shall in event be effective without written concurrence Administrative Agent, Borrower Requisite Lenders.
The Company shall make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws, provided, however, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the not be obligated issue or release from restrictions on transfer Restricted Shares pursuant Agreement if such issuance would result in a violation law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Commonwealth Pennsylvania, without reference to its conflict provisions.
Upon the occurrence and during continuance of an Event Default (subject to notice cure provisions provided for herein, if any), each Secured Party shall have rights a secured creditor under California Uniform Commercial Code, all granted by Notes, this Security Agreement law, including right require Borrower assemble Collateral make it available Parties at place be designated Borrower. The remedies in Notes are cumulative may exercised independently or concurrently, not exclusive any other remedy law equity. No failure exercise delay exercising impair prohibit such future deemed constitute waiver limitation acquiescence therein. Every equity time from time.
This Agreement shall commence on the date set forth above and end that Executive’s employment with Bank ends as determined under Employment (the “ ”) among Executive Citizens Independent Bancorp, Inc. Company ”), subject to earlier termination provided herein Term ”). On the Effective Date, all necessary governmental and third-party approvals, permits licenses in connection with this Agreement other transactions contemplated by Credit Documents otherwise referred to herein or therein, shall have been obtained remain full force effect.
For purposes of the Award, terms “ Cause ,” Change Control Disability Good Reason ” and Retirement have meanings ascribed to such on Exhibit A hereto. This Agreement and the Loan Documents represent agreement of Company, Administrative Agent Secured Parties with respect to subject matter hereof thereof, there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by any Party relative thereof not expressly set forth referred herein in Documents.
This Agreement, and all of Executive’s rights duties hereunder, shall not be assignable or delegable by Executive. Any purported assignment delegation Executive in violation the foregoing null void ab initio no force effect. Agreement may assigned Company to a Person entity which is an affiliate successor interest substantially business operations Company. Upon such assignment, obligations hereunder become entity.
Employee agrees to represent the Company in a positive light and not disparage or any way communicate person entity negative information opinion concerning Company, its subsidiaries affiliates, of their past, present future partners, members, family shareholders, officers, directors, employees, franchisees agents, them. This provision shall prohibit from making statements taking actions required by law, reporting inactions believes be unlawful. interpreted require encourage make misrepresentations.
The Lender shall have been informed of any claim, action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding pending threatened in court before arbitrator Governmental Authority that (i) relates to the Loans (ii) Lender’s reasonable opinion could a Material Adverse Effect materially adversely affect ability Credit Parties perform its respective obligations under this Agreement, and no such be threatened.
Each of the persons executing this Agreement on behalf a corporation or other legal entity personally warrants and represents that s/he has requisite necessary approval authority to execute whose person signed. Borrower has filed all Federal, state and other tax returns required to be (except for such which current valid extensions have been filed), taxes, assessments governmental charges due from the fully paid. The established on its books reserves adequate payment of liabilities (if any).
The effective date of this Agreement (the “ Effective Date ”) shall be the that Executive commences employment with Company. not later than July 1, 2016 or such earlier parties can agree to. No remuneration shall be paid to any Administration Committee Member as such. However, the reasonable expenses of a incurred in performance an function reimbursed by Employers such proportions Company decides.
Each Obligor is solvent and able to pay such Obligor’s debts as become due, has capital sufficient carry on present business transactions. To the actual knowledge of Borrower, value each property, at a fair valuation, greater than sum debts. No bankrupt or insolvent, nor any made an assignment for benefit creditors, there been trustee receiver appointed bankruptcy, reorganization insolvency proceedings instituted by against Obligor, will be rendered insolvent execution, delivery performance Loan Documents transactions contemplated thereunder.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each which, when delivered, shall deemed to an original, all taken together, constitute but one the same Agreement. Delivery counterpart this telefacsimile equally as effective delivery original Any party delivering also deliver failure not affect validity, enforceability, binding effect The foregoing apply other Loan Document mutatis mutandis .
From time to time, whether at or following the Closing, each party shall make reasonable commercial efforts take, cause be taken, all actions, and do, done, things reasonably necessary, proper advisable, including as required by applicable laws, consummate effective promptly practicable transactions contemplated this Agreement. THIS PATENT SECURITY AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT TORT OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT RELATING TO THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY CONSTRUED ACCORDANCE WITH, LAW STATE NEW YORK.
Each Borrower has obtained all governmental consents, franchises, certificates, licenses, authorizations, approvals and permits, the lack of which would have a Material Adverse Effect on such Borrower. is in compliance material respects with applicable federal, provincial, state, local foreign statutes, orders, regulations, rules ordinances (including, without limitation, Environmental Laws relating to Taxes, employer employee contributions similar items, securities, ERISA or health safety) failure comply
Tenant's contractors shall obtain and provide to Landlord certificates evidencing workers' compensation, public liability, property damage insurance in amounts forms with companies reasonably satisfactory Landlord. PSPC and the Shareholder shall have performed complied in all material respects with agreements covenants required by this Agreement to be or each of them on prior Closing Date.
Each of Borrower and its Significant Subsidiaries has title in fee simple to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all real property, good other except where failure to have such would not be likely Material Adverse Effect for Liens permitted by Section 6.3, none property is subject any Lien as 6.3.
The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions without necessity posting a bond prevent breaches enforce specifically performance provisions hereof, addition other remedy which they are at law equity. Unless otherwise expressly stated Agreement, no right described provided is intended exclusive preclude Party from pursuing rights remedies extent available under
In case any provision of this Plan be deemed or held to unlawful invalid for reason, such fact shall not adversely affect the other provisions unless determination render impossible impracticable functioning Plan, and in case, an appropriate adopted so that may continue function properly. In reliance on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Eighth Amendment, subject to satisfaction of conditions precedent set forth Section 4 hereof, Credit Agreement shall be amended effective as Amendment Effective Date manner provided 2 .
(a) During the Term, Executive agrees to be employed and devote substantially all of Executive’s business time efforts Company promotion its interests performance duties responsibilities hereunder as President Chief Officer, upon terms conditions this Agreement. shall perform such lawful directed from by Board Directors (the “Board”) that are customary for a CEO corporation size nature Company. serve member Board.
This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, parties hereto their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors, assigns, whether by instrument, operation of law, or otherwise. Except as expressly set forth in this Section 9.2 , neither party assign any part hereof, interest herein without prior written consent other party. In event incapacity death Seller, his guardian, executor, heirs entitled funds otherwise due Seller under Agreement. Any attempted assignment delegation rights, duties, obligations violation will invalid effect.
Parent has all necessary power and authority to execute deliver this Agreement, perform its obligations hereunder consummate the transactions contemplated by Agreement. The execution delivery of Agreement consummation have been duly authorized corporate action Parent, no other proceedings on part are approve or No covenant, term, or condition the breach thereof shall be deemed waived, except by written consent of Party against whom waiver is claimed, and any not to a preceding succeeding same other condition.
If any term, provision or covenant of this Agreement is held by a court competent jurisdiction other authority to be invalid, void unenforceable, the remainder terms, provisions and covenants shall remain in full force effect no way affected, impaired invalidated. final judgment declares that term invalid parties hereto agree making such determination have power limit provision, delete specific words phrases replace with valid enforceable comes closest expressing intention unenforceable as so modified. In event does not exercise granted it prior sentence, will achieve, extent possible, economic, business purposes provision.
Any provision of this Waiver which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective the extent prohibition unenforceability without invalidating remaining provisions hereof, and shall not invalidate render other jurisdiction. The waiver by Ameren of a breach any provision this Agreement Woodard shall not operate or be construed as subsequent Woodard. Ameren.
As an independent contractor, Consultant acknowledges that he does not have the right to participate in any of Company’s employee benefit plans or perquisites. further accordance with ending his employment under Employment Agreement, from and after Effective Date, is no longer entitled, Company shall provide, daily transportation service by car a office. disclaims intention perquisites waives such even if Consultant’s status determined third party tribunal be employee.
The representations, warranties and covenants contained herein shall continue survive the execution of this Agreement. Wherever under this Agreement one Party is required or permitted to give written notice the other, such will be deemed given if made in accordance with terms of License Agreement. This Agreement shall not be amended or altered in any manner unless such amendment alteration is a writing signed by both parties.
The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, ordinances or governmental rules regulations to which them is subject, including, without limitation, ERISA Environmental Laws, obtain maintain in effect licenses, certificates, permits, franchises other authorizations necessary the ownership their respective properties conduct businesses, case extent ensure that non-compliance such failures could not, individually aggregate, reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. enforce policies procedures designed compliance by Borrower, directors, officers, employees agents Anti-Corruption Laws applicable Sanctions.
It is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of jurisdiction its organization, has all requisite corporate power authority to execute, deliver perform this Agreement. To the extent permitted under Section 15(l), all amounts payable hereunder shall be in full, as soon reasonably practicable, but no event later than 10 business days, following termination.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement the other documents to be executed by each Seller as contemplated hereunder, consummation transactions hereby thereby, compliance with terms conditions hereof or thereof will not (i) contravene any provision Law Order restriction binding upon such Seller, permit applicable (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute default under, acceleration obligation create party right accelerate, terminate, modify, cancel, require notice agreement which is party, bound, Shares are subject, (iii) attachment, creation imposition Security Interest shares becoming nonvoting subject repurchase, option, warrant, commitment.
Employee hereby acknowledges that the Company will be obligated to withhold taxes for amounts whenever includable in Employee’s income and agrees make whatever arrangements are necessary enable as required by law, including without limitation right deduct from payments of any kind otherwise due Employee. shall have elect satisfy, whole or part, tax withholding obligations having Shares deliverable
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Delaware, without reference to its conflicts law provisions. Any dispute regarding this subject exclusive jurisdiction United States District Court for parties hereby irrevocably agree submit personal venue such court. The expressly waive right a trial jury any action or proceeding brought against either them relating Agreement.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the valid termination of all Distribution Agreements; provided that this continue to apply sales made under Agreements prior their termination. This Transition Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed the Executive and duly authorized representative of Company. During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to vacation in accordance with Company’s policy as may effect from time time.
The Partnership may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of the Indemnitees such other Persons as General Partner shall determine against any liability that be asserted or expenses incurred by Person in connection with Partnership’s activities, regardless whether would have power to indemnify under provisions this Agreement. Each party represents and warrants to the other that it is under no current obligation or restriction, nor will knowingly assume any such restriction does would in way interfere conflict with, present a of interest, concerning performance be rendered hereunder rights licenses granted herein.
Lender shall have the right at all times to enforce provisions of Loan Documents in strict accordance with terms thereof, notwithstanding any conduct or custom on part refraining from so doing time times. The failure its rights under such provisions, strictly same, not be construed as having created a way manner contrary specific modified waived same. All and remedies are cumulative concurrent, exercise one remedy deemed waiver release other remedy. have, addition given it by Documents, allowed applicable Laws equity.
Waivers under this Agreement are only valid and binding if in writing duly executed by the party against whom enforcement of waiver is sought. shall waive specific matter described written do not impair rights granting other respects or at times. A party’s a breach any provision Agreement, failure (on one more occasions) to enforce of, exercise right under, will constitute continuing same similar breach, such another time context.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in effect until last day that any Service Term Transition Schedule remains (the “ ”), unless earlier terminated under this ARTICLE 4. With respect to each Service, such begin upon applicable start date set forth Services (or if no is identified) continue for longest duration, or end date, Schedule, may be extended by Parties writing, either whole with one more of Services.
Pursuant to and in accordance with Section 15.1 of the Purchase Agreement, Original Buyer hereby assigns (A) right acquire Properties listed on Schedule A Purchased Assets related thereto which would otherwise be transferred at Closing corresponding rights Portfolio Buyer, (B) B BD (C) C Buyer. Each New shall bound by all terms conditions set forth Agreement any documents it becomes a party agrees that shall, 10.2 deliver Purchaser Documents has hereunder. Nothing this relieve its obligations under except respect delivery for Buyers are responsible pursuant immediately preceding sentence.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall not survive the Closing. covenants other agreements in this Agreement Closing Date for period contemplated by its terms or until fully performed. The provisions of this Section 6.8 will apply for purposes determining Required Minimum Distributions calendar years beginning with the 2003 year.
Schedule 3.21 sets forth a true, complete and correct description of all material insurance maintained by or on behalf Holdings, the Borrower subsidiaries as Closing Date. As Date, premiums in respect such insurance, to extent due, have been paid. The is full force effect respects accordance with its terms complies requirements set Section 5.02 .
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS AGREEMENT. (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY OTHER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO AGREEMENT BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
No party may assign his, her or its rights obligations hereunder, in whole part, without the prior written consent of other parties, provided that Buyer his to receive Interests an entity controlled by Buyer. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Parties regarding subject matter hereof and supersedes replaces all prior or contemporaneous agreements, understandings, communications Parties, whether written oral hereof, with respect to activities on after Effective Date.
This Agreement, and the provisions of Offer Letter referenced in Subsection 5(a), constitute entire agreement by between parties with respect to subject matter contained herein supersede all prior agreements or understandings, oral written, herein. If any term provision this Agreement should be held unenforceable jurisdiction which either party seeks enforcement contract, it will construed as if not containing invalid provisions, remaining portions govern rights obligations parties.
Each Transaction Document to which the Servicer is a party constitutes legal, valid and binding obligation of enforceable against in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, receivership, conservatorship or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and, if applicable, creditors federal savings associations from time effect general principles equity.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each counterpart shall considered an original, all which together constitute one Agreement. Any Person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall give prompt written notice the indemnifying party of any claim with respect which it seeks indemnification; provided , however that failure such not release from its obligation, except extent has been prejudiced by provide notice.
For purposes of this Agreement, unless otherwise specified: (i) each term, whether stated in the singular or plural, shall include both and pronouns masculine, feminine neuter gender gender; (ii) all references herein to “paragraphs” “Exhibits” are paragraphs exhibits Agreement; (iii) words “herein,” “hereof,” “hereunder” “hereto” refer Agreement its entirety rather than a particular portion Agreement.
Borrower hereby releases and/or forever discharges Lender, including its members, managers, employees, agents, attorneys, officers, directors, representatives and affiliates, (collectively "Lender Parties ") from any all claims, demands, actions, causes of action, liabilities, losses or costs, whether known unknown, which they have, may claim to have allege against Lender as the date this Note is executed, relate terms Note, instrument executed prior Loan Documents, other actions taken not by in connection with Obligations executed.
The Closing shall be on or before April 15th, 2016 (the “Closing Date”) however at any time prior to the Date, either party may terminate this agreement for reason without penalty. Subject to the provision for payment of Closing Costs in accordance with terms Section 9.5 hereof and any other this Agreement, whether or not transaction contemplated by Agreement shall be consummated, all fees expenses incurred party hereto connection borne such party.
This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between parties with respect to terms of Employee's employment. Notwithstanding forgoing, EverBank Profit Sharing and Savings Plan (or any successor plan or plans) Option Restricted Unit Agreements relating thereto which Employee is a party, other benefit plans shall govern subject matters thereof extent not specifically provided otherwise herein. In event inconsistency such agreement this Agreement, provisions control. cannot be amended except by writing signed both parties.
Neither the termination of Executive’s employment hereunder nor expiration Contract Term shall impair rights or obligations any party hereto which have accrued prior to such expiration. The Section 4 shall, extent provided in 4, survive with Company and, as applicable, be fully enforceable thereafter accordance terms this Agreement. In addition, provisions Sections 8 through 24 Term.
TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE WITH RESPECT TO ANY PAYMENTS DUE MANAGER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. Participant is free and authorized to enter into this Agreement, make the covenants, representations warranties contained herein grant rights granted herein. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of Commonwealth Pennsylvania.
EACH PARTY HERETO WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF RELATING THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OTHER THEORY). (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
Executive will be covered under Company's insurance policies and, subject to applicable law, provided indemnification the maximum extent permitted by bylaws, certificate of incorporation and standard form agreement, with such coverage in accordance practices for senior executive officers but on terms no less favorable than any other Company officer. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of parties relating to subject matter herein, and may not be waived, changed, extended or discharged except by an in writing signed both parties.
Executive will continue to be provided indemnification the maximum extent permitted by Company’s and its subsidiaries’ affiliates’ Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, Indemnification Agreement between Company dated March 18, 2016, and, if applicable, any directors officers insurance policies, with such on terms determined Board committees, but no less favorable than other executive officer director subject separate written agreement as Termination Date.
The Company shall, at any time and from to after the Closing, upon request of Buyer, do, execute, acknowledge deliver, cause be done, executed, acknowledged or delivered, all such further acts, deeds, assignments, transfers, conveyances, powers attorney assurances as may reasonably required sell, transfer, convey, assign deliver aid assist in collection reducing possession by Purchased Assets, vest Buyer good marketable title free clear Liens, except Permitted Liens.
All vested Stock Options granted to the Executive (including pursuant this Agreement) shall be exercisable for 24 months following later of (a) Date Termination or (b) date that ceases a member Board and board director any Company subsidiaries; provided exercise period (i) extend longer applicable stock option agreement certificate such (ii) not beyond Normal Option Expiration Date. The as may require Options, reduce (c) otherwise take action circumvent above. above provisions supercede contrary in agreement, other document.
Any notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing delivered person or sent registered certified mail, postage prepaid, to the Employee at last address which has written notice Employer, Employer its main office, attention of Human Resources . This Agreement shall be construed and enforced for all purposes in respects accordance with the substantive laws of State Washington.
The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender, replacement any Lender occurrence Facility Termination Date. Any notices or other communications required to be given hereunder shall by hand delivery first class mail with all fees prepaid and addressed, if the Company, it at its principal place of business, Attn: General Counsel, Participant, him, her address set forth in signature page hereto.
The waiver of or failure to enforce by any one Party breach term, covenant condition contained in this Termination Agreement will not be construed deemed a subsequent similar the same covenant, representation, warranty condition; nor delay omission on part either exercise avail itself remedy right that it has may have hereunder operate as remedy.
Buyer shall deliver the balance of Purchase Price (less amount Final Earnest money, plus or minus prorations and escrow fees, if any) to Seller execute Deed, Deeds (as defined below) Buyer’s designee(s) at “Closing”. Closing take place on date this is fifteen (15) days after expiration Inspection Period ( “ Date ” ). must provide with evidence good merchantable title prior Closing. At Closing, a credit in Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000.00).
The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, UK Bribery 2010, other similar anti-corruption legislation applicable jurisdictions, instituted maintained policies procedures designed to promote achieve by such laws. No Borrowing or Letter Credit use proceeds thereof will violate jurisdictions.
The closing of the transactions contemplated by Section 2.1 through 2.2 (the “ Closing ”) shall take place remotely electronic exchange documents or at offices Dechert LLP, 1095 Avenue Americas, New York, 11:59 PM Eastern Time three (3) Business Days after satisfaction waiver conditions set forth in Article VIII (other than those that their terms are to be satisfied on Date) such other time and as EnTrust Contributor Permal may mutually agree date which occurs, Date ”).
This Commitment Increase Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each which shall an original all taken together constitute one the same agreement. Delivery to Administrative Agent a signed counterpart hereof, or signature page hereto, facsimile e-mail (in .pdf similar file) effective as delivery hereof thereof.
The execution, delivery and performance by Purchaser of this Agreement have been duly authorized all requisite corporate action Purchaser. has executed delivered Agreement, constitutes the valid binding obligation Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium similar laws affecting enforcement creditors’ rights generally or general equitable principles (regardless whether is considered a proceeding equity at law).
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement each Ancillary Document required to be executed delivered by EFI Party at Closing, the transactions contemplated hereby thereby, will not (a) violate any provision organizational documents either Party, (b) result in default (with due notice or lapse time both) creation Encumbrance give rise right termination, cancellation acceleration under terms, conditions provisions note, bond, mortgage, indenture, license agreement which is a party affects Energy Fuels Shares, (c) judgment, order, ruling regulation applicable as interest.
Each Party hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the other other’s directors, officers, shareholders, members, employees agents harmless from against any breach by indemnifying of its obligations hereunder. The Agreement is intended to either comply with, or be exempt from, the requirements of Code Section 409A. To extent that this not from 409A, with 409A and shall limited, construed interpreted in accordance such intent.
Except as set forth on Schedule 2.07, there are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of Axiom after reasonable investigation, threatened by against affecting its properties, at law in equity, before any court other governmental agency instrumentality, domestic foreign, arbitrator kind. has default part with respect judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, award, rule regulation court, arbitrator, instrumentality circumstance which investigation would result discovery such default.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of Parties with respect to subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of State Delaware, without regard its conflict law principles. The delay or failure of the Lender to exercise its rights hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver thereof. No any effective unless in writing and signed by right apply other such subsequent event circumstance specifically included waiver.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, none of representations or warranties Issuer Agreement and covenants be performed by prior Exchange Closing shall survive Closing. The Plan shall be construed, administered and enforced in accordance with the laws of New York without regard to conflicts law. This Guaranty amends and restates in its entirety each Existing Guaranty; provided that this is no way intended to constitute a novation of any obligations owed by Guarantor the Guaranteed Parties under such Guaranty, all which are hereby reaffirmed, ratified confirmed.
During the Term, Company shall pay Executive a base salary (the “ Base Salary ”), which be paid in accordance with Company’s regular payroll practices effect from time to time, but not less frequently than monthly. The Executive’s at an annualized rate of Six Hundred Twenty Five Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($625,000.00) subject annual review by Board.
During the five-year period prior to date on which this representation is made or deemed with respect any Pension Plan Multiemployer Plan, no ERISA Event has occurred would reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as not Effect, neither Manager nor of its Subsidiaries contingent liability post-retirement medical benefits under Welfare other than for continuation coverage described in Part 6 Subtitle B Title I applicable similar laws. (i) insolvent (as defined Section 4245 ERISA) and (ii) non-exempt prohibited transaction 406 4975 Code) involving Employee Benefit Plan.
No proceeds of any Purchase hereunder shall be used by an Originator (i) to acquire security in transaction which is subject Section 13 or 14 the Securities Exchange Act 1934, (ii) equity a class registered pursuant 12 such (iii) for other purpose that violates applicable Law, including Regulation U Federal Reserve Board.
Each party’s obligations under this Section 3.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Administrative Agent any assignment rights by, of, a Lender, termination Commitments and repayment, satisfaction discharge all Loan Document. This is a Massachusetts contract and shall be construed enforced under governed in all respects by the laws of The Commonwealth Massachusetts, without regard to conflict principles thereof.
For purposes of this Section Taxes on Payments, the term “applicable law” includes FATCA. This Third Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, and each of which shall deemed to an original, all constitute the same instrument. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of State Colorado without reference or regard to conflicts law rules thereof.
Executive hereby expressly confirms Executive’s continuing obligations to the Company pursuant Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement entered into between (the “ Confidential Information ”). The Company agrees to reimburse Indemnitee in full for any Expenses incurred by connection with investigating, preparing for, litigating, defending or settling action brought under Section 10(a) above, claim counterclaim the therewith, whether not is successful whole part such action.
The Contract Period shall end on the date of Employee’s death. Whenever possible, each provision of this Note will be interpreted in such manner as to effective and valid under applicable law. However, if any held prohibited by or invalid law, it ineffective only the extent prohibition invalidity without invalidating remainder that other provisions Note.
No fractional shares of Common Stock are to be issued upon the exercise this Right, but rather number shall rounded up nearest whole number. The Company pay any and all transfer, stamp, issuance similar taxes, costs expenses (including, without limitation, fees Transfer Agent) that may payable with respect delivery Right Shares Right.
If the Eligible Employee’s employment with AEP System Companies is terminated, following Termination Date, Employee agrees to reasonably cooperate and their counsel in connection any matter that arises from or relates relationship by providing information, reviewing documents, answering questions, appearing as a witness administrative proceeding, investigation, litigation; provided, such cooperation will not interfere commitment responsibilities subsequent employer. The pay reasonable expenses, including travel, incurred cooperation.
This Agreement, and all of the terms conditions hereof, shall bind Company its successors assigns Executive Executive’s heirs, executors administrators. No transfer or assignment this Agreement release from any obligation to hereunder. Neither nor Company’s rights obligations hereunder, may be assigned are otherwise subject hypothecation by Executive. The assign in whole part, Subsidiaries Affiliates, other successor connection with sale substantially assets equity merger, acquisition and/or reorganization, provided assignee assumes
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, the rights of parties governed by, laws State Texas or, where applicable, United States federal law, each case, without regard to any conflicts provisions or those state other than . The Borrower and Holdings agree, jointly severally, to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with preparation, negotiation execution of this Amendment, including, without limitation, Attorney Costs.
Sellers have the right to use all of its legal and trade names without payment any person. owns or possesses adequate licenses other rights Intellectual Property included in Purchased Assets. No affiliate uses Sellers. Promptly following the execution of this Agreement, Company shall reimburse Engine for its reasonable, documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including legal expenses) incurred in connection with seeking Board representation at 2016 Annual Meeting negotiation provided that such reimbursement not exceed $150,000 aggregate.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues until expiration last Royalty Term, unless terminated earlier as provided in (the “Term” ). Upon expiration, but not termination, Agreement, BELLICUM will have a worldwide, fully-paid up, non-exclusive right under to AGENSYS Patent Rights Technology for Licensed Products within Field.
Schedule 3.14 sets forth the name, jurisdiction of organization and ownership interest each direct or indirect Subsidiary Borrower as Effective Date. This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and governed in accordance with the laws of Province British Columbia federal Canada applicable therein without reference to rules relating conflict law. Paragraph headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not be construed as controlling the scope of any provision hereof.
If Grantee’s service as an employee or a member of the Board Company terminates for any reason other than death, disability Retirement, then upon that termination Grantee shall forfeit all RSUs have not become vested on before date such termination, and no Shares be delivered nor payment made in respect RSUs. This Section affect rights under 4, if applicable.
Capitalized terms used herein and not defined shall have the meanings set forth in Advisory Agreement. The Stockholders shall, without further consideration, from time to time, execute and deliver, or cause be executed delivered, such additional consents, documents other instruments as the Special Committee may reasonably request in order vest, perfect, confirm record rights granted Buyer under this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, it is intended that severance benefits and other payments payable under Agreement satisfy, greatest extent possible, exemptions from application of Section 409A Code provided Treasury Regulations Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4) (relating short-term deferrals), 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) separation pay plans), or 1.409A-3(a)(4) made on a specified date), will be construed possible as consistent with those provisions. The commencement payment provision any benefit shall deferred minimum necessary prevent imposition excise taxes penalties Company Employee.
The obligations of the Supporting Party under ARTICLE II and Section 4.1 this Agreement shall remain in effect until earliest to occur (a) performance full by their Agreement, (b) termination Merger accordance with 7.1 (such date being referred herein as “ Termination Date ”). After occurrence such applicable event, provisions terminate be no further force or effect; provided that nothing 5.2 relieve otherwise limit any party liability for breach occurring prior Date. Upon have liabilities Agreement.
Effective retroactive to January 1, 2016, and during the Employment Period, Company shall pay Executive an annual base salary in amount of $450,000 (the “ Annual Base Salary ”), payable installments consistent with Company’s normal payroll schedule, subject applicable withholding other taxes. Executive’s be reviewed, at least annually, for merit increases may, by action discretion Board or its executive compensation option committee Compensation Committee increased any time from time, but may not decreased then current without prior written consent.
Without in any way limiting the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 9, case one or more contained this Agreement for reason shall be held to invalid, illegal unenforceable respect, such invalidity, illegality unenforceability not affect other provision Agreement, but construed reformed maximum extent permitted by law. The Company represents and warrants that (i) the representations warranties contained in Section 4.01 of Credit Agreement are correct on as date hereof, though made hereof (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been a specific date, date) (ii) no Default has occurred continuing.
Together with such report, Mirna shall make a payment to Rosetta of all Royalties and Sublicense Fees payable for Quarter, provide written documentation, including [***]. The provisions of this Agreement shall survive the termination and/or Executive’s employment to extent necessary effectuate terms contained in Agreement, including, without limitation, Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18 and 19.
Evidence . Within 60 days after the Effective Date, and from time to thereafter upon reasonable request of Administrative Agent, t he Borrower shall take such actions execute deliver documents instruments as Agent require ensure that , at all times have received satisfactory title information (including if requested supplemental or new opinions addressed it) which (a) sh collectively cover least 80 % present value Proven Reserves its Restricted Subsidiar ies determined by (b) be in form substance acceptable sole discretion (c) include regarding before payout ownership interests held ' s for wells located on Oil Gas Properties covered thereby ies.
Each of the parties hereto hereby consents to filing by or on behalf SPV Servicer, and at sole expense SPV, each UCC-3 financing statement amendments in substantially forms attached as Exhibit C order reflect, case, set forth herein. ALL QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND INTERPRETATION OF THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY INTERNAL LAW BERMUDA, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES CONFLICT LAWS, PARTIES HEREBY SUBMIT EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION COURTS BERMUDA.
Any provisions of this Agreement which impose an obligation after termination or expiration shall survive the and be binding on parties. Fee . Agent and Lenders have determined not to charge Borrowers a fee in connection with this Agreement. reserve the right any future amendment, waiver, consent, or other accommodation provided Borrowers.
The respective obligations of Landlord and Tenant under this Paragraph 5 shall survive the expiration or other termination Term Lease, if hereof expire otherwise terminate on a day than last fiscal year, actual Base Rent Additional incurred for year in which expires terminates be determined settled basis statement such prorated proportion number days preceding bears to 365. Notwithstanding foregoing, will not responsible any Direct Expenses attributable is first billed more thirty (30) months after date apply, provided that nonetheless sums same are levied by governmental authority public utility companies following year.
No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver. Failure or delay on part of a exercise fully any right, remedy, power privilege under this Agreement not operate as thereof. Any single partial power, preclude other further same privilege. Waiver with respect occurrence construed occurrence.
The Managers shall cause the Company to exercise its voting rights in Subsidiaries accordance with this Agreement. Therefore, any matter that would be deemed a Member Approval Matter or Board of Matter, when it relates Subsidiary, treated as and, therefore, before exercises Subsidiary favor such matter, voted at Company’s Managers’ meeting and receive necessary approval required for Matter.
Executive’s employment from the Company terminated on (the “Termination Date”). All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them (including by reference) in Pledge and Security Agreement. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents contain complete agreement between Parties supersede any prior understandings, agreements or representations by Parties, written oral, which may have related to subject matter hereof thereof in way.
(a) Except as otherwise specified herein or if the context may require, capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement shall have respective meanings assigned such set forth Appendix A to Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated of date hereof (the “ ”), by among Depositor, seller, AHFC, servicer, RPA seller sponsor, Honda Auto Receivables 2016-4 Owner Trust, issuer.
None of this Agreement or any the rights, interests obligations hereunder shall be assigned by Parties hereto, in whole part, operation law otherwise, without prior written consent other Parties, and attempt to make such assignment null void. The provisions of this Article XV shall survive the termination Agreement. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Nevada without regard to that might applicable under conflicts principles.
The Oncor Entities shall continue to employ Executive, and Executive accepts continued employment with the as of Effective Date upon terms conditions set forth in this Agreement, including rights 1(c). Such be on an “at will” basis, meaning that either or any may terminate relationship at time for no reason.
All reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, costs, attorney’s fees and legal amounts advanced in performance of obligations Borrower, indemnification owing by Borrower to Lender under or pursuant this Loan Agreement, the Note, and/or any Security Documents shall be due payable upon demand. If not paid demand, all such bear interest at default rate provided from date disbursement until both before after judgment. is authorized disburse funds Note for payment obligations. Payment secured Collateral Documents. payments recoveries applied foregoing obligations, other order priority as determined Lender. Unless otherwise on first accrued remainder, if any, principal.
Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control Company, all amounts credited to any and Stock Bonus Accounts Discretionary Allocation each Participant as effective date such shall become immediately 100 percent vested. Notwithstanding anything contrary set forth Participant’s Annual Distribution Election Form, Plan, Enrollment Materials or Award Materials, upon Control, Company will distribute previously undistributed Plan Participants soon administratively practicable following but no event later than 90 days thereafter.
Employee shall perform in a professional and business-like manner, to the best of his ability, duties described on Schedule 1 this Agreement such other as are assigned him from time by Employer's President Chief Executive Officer. understands agrees that duties, title authority may be changed discretion Employee's services hereunder rendered at principal executive office, except for travel when required performance hereunder.
Each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be all United States federal income tax returns reports required have been paid Taxes by it, except (a) that are being contested in good faith appropriate proceedings for which such Subsidiary, as applicable, set aside on books adequate reserves (b) extent failure do so could not reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given (a) with respect to any Borrower, at the address for giving of such Borrower then in effect under Intercreditor Agreement, (b) Grantor other than notices Guaranty Agreement which it is a party and (c) Collateral Agent, Agent Agreement. All addresses may modified, all effective, as provided Section 10.02 Credit effectiveness modifications thereunder.
If the Participant violates either of covenants in Section 5 (a) or (b), RSUs will be forfeited and Participant’s rights under this Agreement terminate . In addition, if any dispute arises concerning violation by described s ection , addition to other remedies Company, an injunction may issued restraining such pending determination controversy, no bond security required connection therewith. Further, Company entitled seek appropriate legal relief, including money damages, equitable attorneys’ fees.
During the Employment Period, Executive shall have such responsibilities, duties, and authority that are customary for his position, subject at all times to control of CEO, perform services as customarily provided by an a corporation with position other consistent be assigned him from time CEO. excluding any periods vacation sick leave which is entitled in accordance Company policies, agrees devote business affairs use Executive’s commercially reasonable efforts faithfully, effectively efficiently responsibilities obligations hereunder.
This Agreement may be executed in a number of identical counterparts, each which, for all purposes, is to deemed as original, and which constitute, collectively, one agreement. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court competent jurisdiction other authority to be invalid, void, unenforceable against its regulatory policy, the remainder terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions shall remain in full force effect no way affected, impaired invalidated.
Executive agrees that has not and will (including during the time period while this Agreement was under consideration by Executive) make any defamatory or maliciously disparaging statements about Released Parties, Parties’ products services, representatives employees to current, former prospective customers suppliers, media, other members of public. Nothing in shall be deemed preclude from providing truthful testimony information pursuant subpoena, court order, similar legal process, government regulatory agencies.
Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to contrary, including Section 11.12 of Plan, validity, construction, interpretation, and enforceability this Award Agreement all matters related Chairman Retention RSUs, determinations made pursuant terms shall be determined governed by laws State New York without giving effect principles conflicts law, subject any provision contrary Letter Agreement.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced, along with any rights, remedies, or obligations provided for hereunder, in accordance the laws of State California applicable to contracts made performed entirely within California. If any provision of this Separation Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in respect under applicable law rule jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality unenforceability shall not affect other action but reformed, construed and enforced jurisdiction as if had never been contained herein.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower Administrative Agent, sell participations to Person (other than a natural Person, (or holding company, investment vehicle trust for, owned and operated for primary benefit of Borrower’s Subsidiaries Affiliates) (each, “ Participant ”) in all portion such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitment Loans owing it); provided that (i) shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto performance (iii) Borrower, Agent Lenders continue deal directly with connection Agreement. For avoidance doubt, each be indemnity Section 11.3(c) respect payments made by Participant(s).
Following Executive’s employment with the Company, Executive agrees not to defame, disparage or criticize its business plan, procedures, products, services, development, finances, financial condition, capabilities other aspect of business, any officers, directors, agents assigns (and their direct and indirect shareholders, members partners, directors officers) in medium (whether oral, written, electronic otherwise, whether currently existing hereafter created), person entity, without limitation time. Notwithstanding foregoing sentence, may confer confidence advisors make truthful statements as required by law Board.
Without the consent of Grantee, provisions this Award may be amended or supplemented (i) to cure any ambiguity correct supplement provision herein which defective inconsistent with other herein, (ii) add covenants and agreements Company for benefit Grantee rights surrender right power reserved conferred upon in Agreement, subject , however required approval Company’s stockholders and, provided each case, that such changes corrections shall not adversely affect respect evidenced hereby without Grantee’s consent, (iii) make as Company, advice counsel, determines are necessary advisable because adoption promulgation of, change interpretation law governmental rule regulation, including applicable federal state securities laws.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Subscription Agreement may only be amended by the parties hereto in writing. All payments to the Purchaser shall be made by wire or ACH transfer of immediately available funds Eligible Account designated Purchaser. The obligations of Guarantor under this Guaranty shall continue in full force and effect until the Loan Documents have been fully paid performed.
The Obligors have timely filed, and will file, all tax returns reports required by applicable Legal Requirements, the paid, pay, taxes, assessments, deposits contributions now or in future owed each of Obligors. Evidence that Seller has added endorsements for theft of warehouse lender money and collateral, naming Buyer as a loss payee under its Fidelity Insurance direct payee/right action errors omissions insurance policy.
The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each member of both the Plan Committee Compensation against any all expenses liabilities arising out his administrative functions or fiduciary responsibilities, including that are caused by result from an act omission constituting negligence such in performance but excluding member’s own gross willful misconduct. Expenses which be indemnified hereunder include, without limitation, amounts settlement judgment, costs, counsel fees, related charges reasonably incurred connection with a claim asserted proceeding brought thereof.
Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid unenforceable in any situation jurisdiction shall not affect the validity enforceability remaining terms and provisions hereof offending other jurisdiction. If final judgment a court competent declares unenforceable, parties agree making determination invalidity unenforceability have power to reduce modify scope, duration, area replace with valid enforceable comes closest expressing intention provision, be as so modified.
Stockholder shall, from time to time, execute and deliver, or cause be executed delivered, in each case without further consideration, such additional transfers, assignments, endorsements, consents other instruments as Parent may reasonably request for the purpose of effectively carrying out Stockholder’s obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, that Section 4 shall not require deliver a proxy connection with any Securities. agrees take, taken, (a) all actions necessary desirable comply promptly legal requirements imposed respect transactions contemplated by Agreement (b) consummate Agreement.
Any notice or report required permitted to be given made under this Agreement by either Party shall in writing and delivered the other at its address indicated (or such as a may specify Agreement) courier registered certified airmail, postage prepaid, service, facsimile, which facsimile is promptly confirmed, writing, prepaid. All notices effective of date received addressee.
All payments under this Agreement shall be made subject to applicable tax withholding, and the Company withhold from any Agreement, all federal, state local taxes as is required pursuant law or governmental rule regulation. Executive bear expense of, solely responsible for, due with respect payment received Agreement. As of the Closing Date, Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole are, after consummation Transactions will be, Solvent.
The First Exchange Note and the Original were authorized by all necessary company action validly issued executed, Company’s signatory had full corporate or other requisite authority to execute such agreements bind Company. Any net credit due to Seller as a result of the adjustments and prorations under Section 7.1 shall be paid in cash at time Closing. Purchaser credited against Purchase Price
The Borrower has complied with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders relating to the or any aspect of Borrower’s business assets, including, without limit, environmental orders; provided however, that noncompliance such shall not be deemed a breach this representation warranty unless material adverse effect on business. agrees indemnify hold Lender harmless against from claims, losses costs resulting violations by and/or orders.
Seller agrees to pay Jones Lang LaSalle (the “ Seller’s Broker ”) a brokerage commission pursuant separate agreement between and Broker. Purchaser represent that they have not dealt with any brokers, finders or salesmen in connection this transaction other than the Broker, agree indemnify, defend hold each harmless from against all loss, cost, damage, liability expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, which either party may sustain, incur be exposed by reason of claim for fees commissions made through party. The provisions Article XVI will survive Closing termination Agreement.
All notices hereunder will be in writing and sent by certified mail, hand delivery, overnight delivery or e-mail, if to Rodman, at the address set forth on first page hereof, e-mail: notices@rodm.com, Attention: Head of Investment Banking, Company, , Chief Executive Officer. Notices mail shall deemed received five days thereafter, date relevant written record receipt, delivered e-mail received.
Any dispute, disagreement or question which arises under, as a result of, in any way relates to the interpretation, construction application of terms this Agreement Plan, will be determined and resolved by Committee its authorized delegate. Such determination resolution delegate final, binding conclusive on all persons for purposes. Each PARTY has cooperated in the drafting and preparation of this SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT. In any construction AGREEMENT, no provision shall be construed against on ground that said drafted provision.
All representations and warranties made hereunder in any other Loan Document or document delivered pursuant hereto thereto connection herewith therewith shall survive the execution delivery hereof thereof. Such have been will be relied upon by Lender, Administrative Agent Depository Bank, regardless of investigation Bank on behalf Person notwithstanding that may had notice knowledge Default at time disbursement Loan, continue full force until Maturity Date.
All communications and notices hereunder shall (except as otherwise expressly permitted herein) be in writing given provided Section 10.02 of the Credit Agreement. to Borrower or any other Grantor it care Neither Company Stockholder nor any of its Affiliates, anyone else acting on or their behalf, has acquired record beneficial ownership of, a short position other interest in, Voting Securities debt securities Parent.
(a) None of Borrower, Equity Owner, Mortgage Operating Lessee Pledgor, or Guarantor shall engage in any transaction which would cause obligation, action taken to be taken, hereunder (including but not limited the exercise by Lender its rights under Note, this Agreement other Loan Documents) a non-exempt (under statutory administrative class exemption) prohibited ERISA Section 4975 Code Similar Law.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and shall binding on all Parties when each has signed an original or copy of this Agreement. The Company shall be deemed to exist as of the date Certificate was filed, and duration perpetual unless until is dissolved in accordance with provisions Section 10.1 this Agreement.
This Agreement is executed in Pennsylvania and shall be governed by construed enforced accordance with the laws of Commonwealth without giving effect to conflicts principles thereof which might refer such interpretations a different state or jurisdiction. Any court action instituted Executive relating any way this filed exclusively federal consents jurisdiction venue said courts on behalf Company against Executive.
(a) Navistar Financial will cause any group, property or casualty insurance policy maintained by it on the Collateral to name Trustee, for benefit of Secured Parties, as an additional named insured, loss payee, beneficiary otherwise, appropriate, extent its interest may appear. Upon Lender’s request, Borrower, at Borrower’s expense, shall: (i) execute and deliver such further documents notices satisfactory to Lender; (ii) take any action requested by Lender carry out the intent of this Agreement other Term Loan Documents; (iii) provide reports information available Borrower concerning business, financial condition business Borrower.
No Loan Party or any Subsidiary of Party, nor, to the knowledge Related (i) is currently subject Sanctions, (ii) located, organized residing in Designated Jurisdiction, (iii) has (within previous five years) engaged transaction with Person who was at time such transaction, Parties, Sanctions Jurisdiction (iv) included on OFAC’s List Specially Nationals, HMT’s Consolidated Financial Targets and Investment Ban List, similar list enforced by other relevant authority. The Transactions will not violate applicable Sanctions. Borrowing Letter Credit use proceeds thereof
EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT WAIVES THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN RESPECT LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER CONNECTION WITH AGREEMENT. (I) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY OF OTHER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER; AND (II) ACKNOWLEDGES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO TRANSACTION AGREEMENTS BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 9.13 .
The undersigned Authorized Officer or chief financial officer accounting of Parent Borrower certifies that the Borrowers are and will be in compliance with all covenants under Loan Documents after giving effect to making requested hereby no Default Event has occurred is continuing. Attached hereto an Unencumbered Asset Pool Certificate setting forth a calculation Availability hereby. No condemnation proceedings pending or, knowledge, threatened against any Eligible Real Estate Asset.
The Compensation Committee shall be generally responsible for the operation and administration of Plan. To extent that powers are not delegated to others pursuant provisions this Plan, have such as may necessary carry out Plan perform its duties hereunder, including, without limiting generality foregoing, power: (a) appoint, retain terminate persons it deems or advisable assist in render advice with respect responsibilities under including accountants, administrators attorneys.
The Company hereby employs Executive to serve as the Chief Marketing Officer (“CMO”) of Company. employment with is period time commencing November 1, 2015 for a thirty-six (36) month (“Initial Term”). This Agreement shall renew and be automatically extend additional twelve (12) periods (“Renewal Terms”) unless either party provides ninety (90) days written notice prior end then existing term Company’s or Executive’s election not term. Notwithstanding above, this expressly contingent upon securing credit facility set forth in Section 15 (a) Agreement.
This Agreement shall be binding upon you, your heirs, executors and personal representatives Tyson, its successors assigns. You acknowledge that the services to rendered by you are unique personal. may not assign, transfer or pledge rights delegate duties obligations under this Agreement, in whole part, without first obtaining written consent of CLDC Chairman.
During Employment and the Continuance Period, Executive will not knowingly publicly disparage, criticize, or otherwise make any derogatory statements regarding Company, its directors, officers. The Company’s then future directors during his Period. Company also instruct officers to Notwithstanding foregoing, nothing contained in this Agreement be deemed restrict Executive, of current former and/or from providing information governmental regulatory agency (or way limit content such information) extent they are requested required provide pursuant applicable law regulation.
(a) Except as otherwise provided by Section 5(b), the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with following schedule: 14,780 on February 15, 2016, 3,694 2017, and 3,695 2018; that (i) Grantee remains continuously employed Company through each such applicable vesting date, (ii) has duly executed this Agreement prior to first date.
Each member of the Restricted Group is in compliance with requirements all Laws and orders, writs, injunctions decrees applicable to it or its properties, except such instances which (a) requirement Law order, writ, injunction decree being contested good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted (b) failure comply therewith, either individually aggregate, could not reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect.
All corporate action has been taken on the part of Company, its Manager and Members necessary for authorization, execution delivery this Note. The Company all required to make obligations reflected in provisions Note valid enforceable they purport be, Note, when executed delivered by shall constitute legally binding obligation against accordance with terms.
In the performance of Services hereunder, Employee will comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations any government or governmental body board having jurisdiction professional standards guidelines code conduct which may be to persons involved in clinical trials. All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them in Note.
The representations and warranties of each Purchaser contained in this Agreement shall be true correct all material respects (other than those which are qualified as to materiality, respects) on the Closing Date with same force effect though made (except that a specific date aforesaid) such date); have performed complied covenants agreements required by or it prior Date; delivered Company certificate, dated signed applicable Purchaser, foregoing effect.
This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Virginia without regard to its conflicts-of-law principles. This Joinder Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of State New York, without regard to any conflicts principles thereof that would require application law other jurisdiction.
I will not make statements that damage, disparage or otherwise diminish the reputation and business practices of MetLife its affiliated entities, their current and/or former officers, agents, directors employees. This includes made verbally, in writing electronically. The only exception is if am compelled by a court law permitted authorized to do this pursuant legal administrative process.
Each party's obligations under this Section 5.8 shall survive any assignment by Lender of rights or hereunder, termination the Commitments, and repayment, satisfaction, discharge Full Payment Obligations. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, capitalized terms used in this Amendment shall have the meanings given Existing Credit Agreement, and rules of construction set forth Agreement apply to Amendment.
Date (or any options or warrants issued by such Person with respect to its capital stock other equity securities), set aside funds for of the foregoing purposes, shall have permitted Subsidiaries purchase otherwise acquire consideration shares class securities outstanding on after Restatement Effective Closing securities). The parties hereto hereby consent to the joinder of SMBC Parties as Receivables Purchase Agreement on terms set forth in clause (a) above.
Subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, Company shall cause Director be appointed a in class directors up for election at 2018 Annual Meeting Stockholders (the “ ”) immediately upon execution hereby agrees serve such position, conditions hereinafter set forth, accordance with duties imposed by Delaware law, Company’s Amended Restated Certificate Incorporation, By-Laws Bylaws applicable stock exchange regulations, provided, however , that Director’s continued service on Board Directors any period following subject nomination stockholders Compensation, Nominating Governance Committee period, Company.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without effect whatsoever on the between Company other Purchasers, written notice parties, if Closing has not been consummated or before February 5, 2016; provided , however that termination will affect right of party sue for breach (or parties).
The Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (and, following the conversion of into a corporation or being merged into, otherwise succeeded by, corporation, relevant state law) shall govern all questions arising under this Agreement concerning relative rights and its stockholders. All other construction, validity interpretation be governed by construed in accordance with domestic laws State applicable to contracts made performed Delaware.
The Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent agree to promptly take such actions as may be necessary carry out intent of this Amendment. The Borrower shall have given notice of borrowing as required by Section 2.1 . GGC hereby indemnifies and holds the CPC Parties harmless from against any all claims, damages, costs, expenses or losses whatsoever, together with out-of-pocket costs expenses, including reasonable fees cost disbursements of counsel, incurred by Party, which arise press releases other public announcements Exchange Act filings made respect to Acquisition.
Use the proceeds of any Extension Credit for purpose other than (i) refinancing Existing Facilities to which such Borrower is a party and (ii) working capital general corporate purposes its Subsidiaries (which, avoidance doubt, shall include intercompany loans advances by Subsidiaries, including Unregulated Subsidiary); provided, however, that may not use in connection with Hostile Acquisition.
(a) None of Borrower, Operating Lessee or Guarantor shall engage in any transaction which would cause obligation, action taken to be taken, hereunder (including but not limited the exercise by Lender its rights under Notes, this Agreement other Loan Documents) a non-exempt (under statutory administrative class exemption) prohibited ERISA Section 4975 Code Similar Law.
Section headings in this Waiver are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part any other purpose. You will work at the Company’s corporate facility currently located in Milpitas, California, subject to necessary business travel. During your employment with Company, you devote best efforts and substantially all of time attention (except for vacation periods reasonable illness or other incapacity permitted by general policies) Company.
On the date hereof, Borrower shall pay interest on outstanding principal balance of each Component from and including Closing Date through May 7, 2014 (the “ Initial Interest Period ”). June 1, Monthly Payment thereafter, up to Maturity Date, make a payment Lender equal Debt Service Amount. Unless otherwise elected by Lender, provided no Event Default then exists, Amount be applied (A) first, due payable A, (B) second, B, (C) Third, C, (D) fourth, D, (E) fifth, E (F) sixth, F. also all amounts required in respect Reserve Funds as set forth Article 6 hereof.
No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent any Bank in exercising right, power privilege hereunder under Note shall operate as a waiver thereof nor single partial exercise preclude other further of privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided be cumulative not exclusive law. This Amendment, and all claims arising out of or relating to it, shall be governed by construed in accordance with the laws State New York, excluding that body law conflict laws.
The execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement the documents to be delivered hereunder, consummation transactions contemplated hereby, do not will not: (a) violate or conflict with articles organization certificate formation (as applicable), LLC agreement other organizational Seller; (b) any judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule regulation applicable (c) with, result in (with without notice lapse time both) violation of, default under, give rise a right termination, acceleration modification obligation loss benefit under contract instrument which is party; (d) creation imposition Encumbrance on Membership Interests Sliver Interests.
Subject to Section 7.1 of the Equity Plan, each Initial Award shall vest and become exercisable in substantially equal installments on first three anniversaries date grant, subject Non-Employee Director continuing service Board through such vesting date. Subsequent and/or anniversary No portion an or which is unvested at time a Director’s termination vested thereafter. all Awards full upon occurrence Change Control (as defined Plan), death due his Disability extent outstanding time.
There is no litigation, arbitration, governmental investigation, proceeding or inquiry pending or, to the knowledge of Borrower any its Subsidiaries, threatened against affecting Subsidiaries which could reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect seeks prevent, enjoin delay making Credit Extensions. Other than liability incident arbitration not Effect, has material Contingent Obligations provided for disclosed in financial statements referred Section 5.4.
Schedule 4.7 sets forth, as of the Closing Date and after giving effect to Transactions, (i) all Subsidiaries Borrower (ii) each Credit Party, (x) number shares, units or other interests class Capital Stock outstanding, effect, if exercised, outstanding options, warrants, rights conversion purchase similar (y) direct holders such units, interests, warrants held by each. All shares Parent its are duly validly issued, fully paid nonassessable. Except for equity arrangements expressly indicated on , there no Stock, rights, options securities, any Party (other than Parent) reserved purpose.
Wittekind and the Company agree that, during Consulting Period for a period of five years thereafter, will not directly or indirectly disparage cause its officers directors to Wittekind. Nothing in this Section 13 prevents aforementioned parties from making truthful statements any court proceeding response request information governmental agency pursuant proper subpoena.
Except as may be otherwise provided by the Plan, any written notices for in this Agreement or Plan shall writing and deemed sufficiently given if either hand delivered sent fax overnight courier, postage paid first class mail. Notices mail received three (3) business days after mailed but no event later than date of actual receipt. Notice also electronic submission, to extent permitted Administrator. directed, Participant, at Participant’s address indicated Company’s records, Company, principal office located Greensboro, NC, attention Corporate Treasurer, Qorvo, Inc.
This Subordination Agreement shall in all respects be a continuing agreement and remain full force effect until the earlier of (a) payment Senior Obligations (b) cash Subordinated Debt. Upon such full, this terminate (subject to Section 8.04); provided that parties hereto agree each execute instruments as may reasonably requested by any other party further evidence termination.
The Company shall continue as a stand-alone business and autonomous unit owned by Parent, with the same name; provided , that (1) all systems (finance, accounting, human resources, benefits, payroll, legal contract administration, IP management, cash banking other) be fully integrated into, or replaced with, Parent’s Parent may reasonably request from time to time, at least cooperation Bonus Plan Participants is required of any its other Subsidiaries employees, (2) one more designees will only members board directors Company, (3) operation autonomy impacted covenants in this Section 3.1 Protective Provisions (as defined below).
The Parties agree to maintain in confidence all information with regard matters, and/or activities, covered by, relating or undertaken pursuant this Agreement. This provision shall survive and remain full force effect be binding upon the for three (3) years after termination of None of Diffusion, Schmidt, any Purchaser or their respective affiliates shall, directly indirectly, either individually acting in concert with another person persons, make negative, derogatory disparaging statements communications regarding the other parties, business Diffusion employees.
The Committee may, in its discretion, specify an Award Agreement or a policy that will be deemed incorporated into by reference (regardless of whether such is established before after the date Agreement), Participant’s rights, payments, and benefits with respect to shall subject reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, rescission recoupment upon occurrence certain specified events, addition any otherwise applicable vesting, restrictions performance conditions Award. Such events may include, but not limited to, Termination Service without cause, breach noncompetition, confidentiality, other restrictive covenants apply Participant, restatement Company’s financial statements reflect adverse results from those previously released statements, as consequence errors, omissions, fraud, misconduct.
TO INDUCE LENDER ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT, BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT, SUBJECT LENDER’S SOLE AND ABSOLUTE ELECTION, ALL ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF RELATED THE LOAN DOCUMENTS WILL BE LITIGATED COURTS HAVING SITUS HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY, FLORIDA. HEREBY CONSENTS SUBMITS JURISDICTION COURT LOCATED WITHIN FLORIDA, WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE PROCESS UPON BORROWER.
The parties agree that this Agreement shall be deemed to have been jointly and equally drafted by them, the provisions of therefore not construed against a party or on ground such was more responsible for drafting any provision(s). further they each carefully read terms conditions Agreement, know understand contents effect legal has fully explained its satisfaction counsel own choosing.
Paragraphs 4 through 23 (other than paragraph 21) shall survive and continue in full force accordance with their terms notwithstanding the termination of Employment Period. Except for Section 4 , this Agreement shall terminate as to the Holder, when all Registrable Securities held by Holder no longer constitute Securities. The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of Administrative Agent and any Issuing Lender, replacement termination Commitments, or expiration all Letters Credit, repayment, satisfaction discharge other Obligations.
Subject to satisfaction of the Initial Performance Target, and except as otherwise provided in Section 3.1 or 3.2, cash amount that shall be payable settlement this Award on date specified 5 below equal Base Cash Amount multiplied by Multiplier, rounding up nearest whole dollar. If Multiplier is 0%, forfeited no payment will paid.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3(p) and other than the grant or exercise of stock options any equity securities offered pursuant to duly adopted incentive compensation plans disclosed 3(c) in SEC Documents, none officers, directors employees Company is presently a party transaction with its Subsidiaries (other for services employees, officers reimbursement expenses incurred behalf Company), including contract, agreement arrangement providing furnishing by, rental real personal property from, otherwise requiring payments from officer, director such employee or, knowledge Company, corporation, partnership, trust entity which director, has material interest an trustee general partner.
No waiver or course of dealing shall be established by (a) the failure delay Lender to require strict performance any Loan Party with terms Documents, exercise rights remedies otherwise; (b) satisfy conditions precedent; (c) acceptance payment a under Documents in manner other than that specified therein. exercising right, power privilege this Agreement Document affect future thereof privilege; nor single partial such abandonment discontinuance steps enforce preclude further privilege. It is expressly acknowledged Borrowers financial covenant on measurement date not cured remedied satisfaction subsequent date.
This Agreement (together with the Confidentiality Agreement, Transaction Documents and any other documents instruments executed pursuant hereto) constitutes entire agreement supersedes all prior agreements understandings, both written oral, among parties respect to subject matter hereof. Except for provisions of Sections 6.7 9.10 (which from after Closing are intended benefit of, shall be enforceable by, Persons referred therein by their respective heirs representatives) Section 8.3 , this 9.6 9.7 9.12 9.15 Financing Sources under Debt Financing, nothing in express or implied, is confer upon Person than right, remedy nature whatsoever reason Agreement.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate (including facsimile or other electronic transmission (i.e., a “pdf” “tif”), each which when so delivered shall deemed to an original, but all together constitute one the same instrument. A set lodged with Company Administrative Agent.
No waiver of any term or provision this Agreement shall be deemed to a subsequent breach such Agreement. All notices required or permitted to be given under this Security Agreement shall as provided in Section 9.1 of the Credit Agreement. The terms of the Confidentiality , Invention and Non-Competition Agreement by between Employee Employer dated July 6, 2015 (the " ) are hereby incorporated reference a material part this Agreement.
The Parent confirms that neither it nor any person acting on its behalf has provided Shareholder or respective agents counsel with information the believes constitutes material, non-public except insofar as existence and terms of proposed Share Exchange hereunder may constitute such for will be disclosed by under a current report Form 8-K filed after Closing. All disclosure to regarding Parent, business contemplated hereby, furnished (including Parent’s representations warranties set forth in this Agreement) are true correct do not contain untrue statement material fact omit state necessary order make statements made therein, light circumstances which they were made, misleading.
This Agreement is conditioned upon the consent of [the Company,] Issuing Lenders and Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 11.06(c) Credit Agreement. The execution this by each them evidence their consent. Pursuant 11.06(c), Company agrees, if so requested Assignee, execute deliver a Note cause Eligible Subsidiary payable order Assignee assignment assumption provided for herein.
(b) This Agreement, the Separation other Ancillary Agreements and Appendices, Exhibits Schedules hereto thereto contain entire agreement between Parties with respect to subject matter hereof supersede all previous agreements, negotiations, discussions, writings, understandings, commitments conversations such matter, there are no agreements or understandings than those set forth referred herein therein. The agree that, in event of a conflict terms this Agreement hereof, shall govern.
Buyer shall protect, defend, indemnify, save and hold harmless Seller Group against any all claims, demands, fines , suits, actions, proceedings, orders, decrees, judgments, damage or liability (including reasonable attorneys ’ fees incurred by with respect thereto) of kind nature, in favor anyone whomsoever, resulting from, arising occasioned whole part act omission Buyer, its agents, contractors, employees, representatives invitees in, on, at the Property before Closing from s inspection, examination inquiry on ; provided, however, that not have duty to such arise gross negligence willful misconduct .
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of transactions contemplated by Transaction Documents, Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided participating in offering Prospectus Supplement is not an Affiliate or agents counsel information believes constitutes might constitute material, non-public which otherwise disclosed Supplement. The understands will rely solely foregoing representation effecting securities Company.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed enforced in accordance with, the laws of State Virginia without regard to its provisions concerning conflicts or choice law. The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive any termination Agreement. Date), an amount equal to 100% of the cash proceeds therefrom (net underwriting discounts or placement and commissions other reasonable fees costs associated therewith) shall be applied as a mandatory repayment in accordance with requirements Sections 4.02(f) (g).
The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, use the proceeds of Credit Extensions for general corporate purposes. not, nor it permit any Advances to purchase or carry “margin stock” (as defined in Regulation U) violation T, U X. not request Loan Facility LC, shall use, ensure that its Subsidiaries their respective directors, officers, employees agents LC (i) furtherance an offer, payment, promise pay, authorization payment giving money, anything else value, Person Anti-Corruption Laws (ii) manner would result applicable Sanctions.
Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement between the Company and Participant shall be in writing, mailed delivered party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time designated by a herein provided ; provi ded, that, unless until some so designated, all notices communications its principal executive office, attention of Chief Human Resources Officer another officer Company, given personally Participant’s last known address, reflected Company’s records. Notwithstanding above, any third-party plan administrator mailed, delivered, transmitted, sent accordance with procedures established communicated time.
This Agreement contains the entire of Parties hereto as to subject matter hereof and may be modified or changed only by an agreement in writing sighed Party against whom enforcement any modification change is sought. If provision this declared void, such shall deemed severed Agreement, which otherwise remain full force effect. executed counterparts.
Without limiting Section 11.4 of the Security Agreement, upon payment in full Obligations and termination Administrative Agent shall execute, acknowledge, deliver to Grantors an instrument writing recordable form releasing collateral pledge, grant, assignment, lien security interest Patents under this Patent Agreement. At Closing, Buyer and Sellers shall pay any all broker fees due payable individually separately. The Company not be subject to or obligated on behalf of third party.
The Borrower, Parent and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries has good record title to, or valid leasehold interests in, easements other limited property all Real Property necessary in the ordinary conduct business, free clear Liens, except (a) as set forth on Schedule 5.07 , (b) minor defects that do not materially interfere with ability to business utilize such assets for their intended purposes, (c) Liens permitted by Section 7.01 (d) where failure have could reasonably be expected have, individually aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
I agree to preserve in confidence and not use, publish, or otherwise disclose to, either during subsequent my employment, without the prior written permission of Progenics, all confidential proprietary rights any knowledge, information materials about products, services, know-how, research development, customers, business plans Progenics financial matters, marketing, pricing, compensation other its others from whom has received under obligations (collectively, " Confidential Information ").
Taxes ") unless such deduction or withholding is required by law. If the Borrower Guarantor law to make deduction, then shall pay additional amounts (the " Additional Amounts as may be necessary in order that net received Lender after equal respective of principal and interest which would have been receivable under Loan Agreement absence withholding. The foregoing does not apply extent any attributable a FATCA Deduction made party this Agreement.
Each Restricted Holder acknowledges that its obligations under this Agreement are unique, recognizes and affirms in the event of a breach by any Holder, money damages may be inadequate Purchaser have not adequate remedy at law, agree irreparable damage would occur provisions were performed accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached. Accordingly, shall entitled to seek an injunction restraining order prevent breaches enforce specifically hereof, without requirement post bond other security prove inadequate, being addition right which such party Agreement, law equity.
Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries shall timely file or cause to be filed all material Tax returns required by it pay Taxes due payable imposed with respect any property other fees charges on Governmental Authority (other than Taxes, charges, the amount validity which is being contested in good faith appropriate proceedings reserves conformity GAAP have been provided books such Party). withhold employee withholdings withheld make employer contributions made pursuant applicable law account Canada Quebec pension plans, employment insurance income taxes.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized by each Investor. This Agreement, when executed delivered Investor in accordance with the terms hereof, shall constitute a valid binding obligation Investor, enforceable against such its terms, except as enforceability may be limited applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally general equitable principles.
Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Release set forth in Section 3 hereof is a general release against Releasees, Executive, for himself, his heirs, executors, administrators assigns, does expressly waive assume risk of any all claims damages Releasees exist as date this Agreement but which he not know or suspect to exist, whether through ignorance, oversight, error, negligence otherwise, which, if known, would materially affect Executive’s decision enter into Agreement.
The parties to this Agreement recognize that any violation or threatened by the Contractor of provisions contained in Article 5 will result immediate and irreparable damage Company could not adequately be compensated for such monetary award alone. Accordingly, agrees event violation, shall, addition other remedies available at law equity, entitled as a matter right apply relief way restraining order, temporary permanent injunction court competent jurisdiction may deem just proper.
To the best of Company’s Knowledge, no litigation (including derivative actions), arbitration proceedings or governmental regulatory are pending threatened in writing against Company any its Subsidiaries that is reasonably likely to be adversely determined and, if so determined, would have a Material Adverse Effect, except as set forth Schedule 3.05 . Other than liability incident such disclosed filings with SEC prior Effective Date, Borrower has material contingent liabilities not provided for financial statements referred Section 3.10(a) which could expected Effect.
The Company hereby employs Employee as the Chief Financial Officer (the “Position”) and accepts such employment, upon terms subject to conditions set forth in this Agreement. Each Facility Lessee is making the representations and warranties set forth in Exhibit C attached hereto. All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of written demand therefor.
Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement Company shall addressed in care its Secretary, and any Employee him or her at address stated Company’s employee records. By a pursuant Section 11, either party may hereafter designate different for notices party. that is required shall, if then deceased, Employee’s personal representative such has previously informed his status by written 11. have been deemed duly when enclosed properly sealed envelope wrapper as aforesaid, deposited (with postage prepaid) post office branch regularly maintained United States Postal Service.
The consummation of the share exchanges contemplated hereby (the “Closing”) shall be held at offices counsel to Company on a date and time mutually agreed upon by parties hereto, but in no event later than August 31, 2016 “Closing Date”). Closing effective as 12:01 AM local Date. This Agreement and the Plan constitute entire agreement between parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof thereof, merging any all prior agreements.
This Security Agreement and the Liens security interests granted hereunder shall not terminate until termination of Credit commitments to make Loans thereunder full complete performance satisfaction payment in all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations extent no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted). Upon this Agreement, Secured Party also deliver Grantor (at sole expense Grantor) such UCC statements other documentation, without recourse, warranty or representation whatsoever, as be reasonably requested by effect release favor affecting Collateral.
The Exercise Price shall be paid in full, at the time of exercise Option, (i) by personal or bank cashier’s check, (ii) if Participant may do so without violating Section 16(b) (c) Exchange Act, and subject to approval Committee, tendering Company whole Shares owned such having a Fair Market Value equal which Option is being exercised, (iii) surrendering number vested options value (based on difference between per share exercise) for (iv) any combination (i), (iii).
THE PARTIES HERETO ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS EXCULPATION INDEMNIFICATION IN RESPECT OF ACTIONS OR OMISSIONS GENERAL PARTNER DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AFFILIATES BY PARTNERSHIP EVEN IF SUCH CONSTITUTE NEGLIGENCE PERSONS. Has the same meaning as “Change in Control” under PHH Corporation 2014 Equity and Incentive Plan (without regard to any modification “Award Agreement” or Program,” each defined therein).
This Agreement (other than the provisions that expressly state they shall survive termination of this Agreement) terminate upon payment in full Obligations (x) obligations and liabilities under Secured Hedge Agreements as to which arrangements reasonably satisfactory applicable Bank have been made, (y) contingent indemnification not yet accrued payable (z) Cash Management Obligations).
The Company shall pay the Executive, and Executive agrees to accept from Company, in payment for his services a gross base salary equal per annum amount of $500,000 (the “ Base Salary ”), payable monthly installments accordance with Company’s payroll practices. may be adjusted at any time by Compensation Committee. as deemed all purposes under this Agreement.
Each Party shall comply with all federal, state and local laws regulations, as amended from time to time, applicable the performance of its obligations hereunder. Licensor Licensee understand acknowledge that Software may be subject export regulations United States Export Administration Act 1979, amended, or a successor act. represent they will not knowingly permit exportation transshipment any part in violation above-referenced law regulations. agrees indemnify hold other harmless costs, damages, fines, expenses incurred by reason violations these representations.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made in this Agreement shall, except to the extent otherwise provided herein, survive execution delivery of Agreement, shall continue full force effect until Discharge Senior Debt has occurred. The foregoing contrary notwithstanding, obligations each Obligor under Section 9 16 Debt. The closing (the “ Closing ”) of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall take place within two business days satisfaction all conditions to as set forth in Section VI Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 4.02 , this Agreement shall remain in effect from the Effective Date until May 31, 2021 (the “Initial Period” ) and thereafter automatically be extended for successive three-year periods (each a “Renewal unless Newco provides written notice of non-renewal Crestwood Midstream, or Midstream Newco, either case at least six (6) months prior end Initial Period Renewal then (as applicable).
The Transaction Documents, together with the Exhibits and Schedules thereto, contain complete understanding of parties respect to subject matter hereof thereof supersede all prior understandings writings relating thereof, which acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits schedules. At or after Closing, without further consideration, Company Purchaser will execute deliver other documents as may be reasonably requested in order give practical effect intention under Documents.
This Agreement may not be assigned by Buyer without the prior written consent of Seller. Any transfer direct or indirect interests in shall deemed to an assignment this Buyer. Notwithstanding foregoing, assign entity that is controlled and majority owned directly indirectly American Realty Capital New York City REIT, Inc. Seller’s consent, provided gives Seller at least five (5) days’ notice any such proof reasonably satisfactory assignee satisfies foregoing requirements, will continue remain primarily liable under notwithstanding designation. represents warrants by, a wholly subsidiary of, Inc..
As of the Effective Date, Licensor (i) owns all NGL Technology and other intellectual property used by in connection with performance its obligations hereunder, free clear any liens, charges, pledges, security interests or encumbrances whatsoever; (ii) has received no notice infringement misappropriation alleged rights asserted person entity relation to such be hereunder; (iii) is not aware patent, trade secret right that could materially adversely affect Licensor’ ability consummate transactions contemplated hereby. The agrees immediately notify Licensee writing event receives a type referred clause above becomes nature above.
Assignor and Assignee each represent warrant to the other party: (a) execution, delivery performance of this Assignment have been duly approved by such party no further action is required on part execute, deliver perform Assignment; (b) person(s) executing behalf all requisite authority execute (c) Assignment, as executed delivered person(s), valid, legal binding party, enforceable against in accordance with its terms.
Subject to the remaining terms of this Section 2 , Agreement shall be for an initial term that begins on Effective Date and continues in effect through December 31, 2017 (the “ Initial Term ”) and, unless terminated sooner as herein provided, continue a year-to-year basis after (each year, Renewal ,” each together with Term, ”). If either Party elects not renew such must give written Notice Termination other at least 180 days before expiration then-current or applicable. In event one provides pursuant no further automatic extensions occur terminate end then-existing applicable, result any entitlement compensation 6 otherwise.
The Parties understand and agree that the terms contained in this Agreement is entire understanding among relative to its subject matter, there are no written or oral understanding, promises, agreements, statements representations directly indirectly related not incorporated herein. Other than the Confidential and Proprietary Information Non-Disclosure Agreement dated December 16, 2014 between Company Authority, this constitutes represents entire agreement understanding parties hereto in reference to all matters referred herein previous discussions promises, representations understandings relative thereto, if any, hereto, same being merged.
Except as specifically set forth herein, including without limitation the provisions referenced in Section 10 hereof, this Agreement contains entire agreement and understanding between parties hereto supersedes any prior or contemporaneous written oral agreements, representations warranties them respecting subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts the English language and each document shall deemed an original thereof.
The Borrower shall hold its books and records relating to the Collateral segregated from all Borrower's other in a manner satisfactory Bank; deliver Bank time promptly at request invoices, original documents of title, contracts, chattel paper, instruments any writings thereto, evidence performance or shipment delivery merchandise rendering services; will Bank’s additional copies such papers writings, information with respect schedules inventory, accounts as may sole discretion deem be necessary effectual loan hereunder security interest Collateral.
This Agreement (including all consents and authorizations relating hereto) may be executed in any number of counterparts by different parties hereto separate counterparts, each which when so delivered shall deemed to an original taken together constitute but one the same agreement. Delivery counterpart a signature page this (or consent or authorization electronic transmission facsimile effective enforceable as delivery manually thereof. The Administrative Agent will not have responsibility for determining whether (and makes no representation whether) such has been duly authorized, is against party hereto.
Should a court determine that any paragraph or sentence, portion of sentence this Section 6 is invalid, unenforceable, void, determination shall not have the effect invalidating validating remainder paragraph, other provision 6. Further, it intended should construe by limiting and reducing only to extent necessary be enforceable under then applicable law.
THE BORROWER AND LENDER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IS A CONSTITUTIONAL ONE, BUT IT MAY BE WAIVED. EACH PARTY, AFTER CONSULTING (OR HAVING HAD OPPORTUNITY CONSULT) WITH COUNSEL OF THEIR CHOICE, KNOWINGLY VOLUNTARILY, FOR MUTUAL BENEFIT, WAIVES ANY IN EVENT LITIGATION REGARDING PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT OF, WAY RELATED TO, THIS AGREEMENT LOAN.
Schedule 4.20 contains a true and complete list of each material insurance policy owned by, or maintained for the benefit of, Company Subsidiaries (the “ Policies ”). None is in default under any Policies. All premiums due respect have been paid, none has received written notice cancellation such Policy with to refusal coverage thereunder. There are no outstanding unpaid claims binder.
Subject to Sections 6 and 7 below, the Award shall vest become nonforfeitable with respect one hundred percent (100%) of total number Stock Units (subject adjustment under Section Plan) on first anniversary Date (the “ Vesting ”). This Agreement shall be governed exclusively by and construed according to the laws of State Colorado as applied contracts between residents entered into performed entirely within Colorado.
During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to receive a base salary (“Base Salary”) at rate of two hundred eighty five thousand dollars ($285,000.00) per annum, which Base Salary payable in arrears equal installments not less frequently than on bi-weekly basis accordance with payroll practices Company, such increases as may determined by Board from time time.
The Grantee shall, not later than the date as of which receipt this Award becomes a taxable event for Federal income tax purposes, pay to Company or make arrangements satisfactory Administrator payment any Federal, state, and local taxes required by law be withheld on account such event. shall have authority cause minimum withholding obligation satisfied, in whole part, from Ordinary Shares issued number with an aggregate Fair Market Value that would satisfy amount due.
The Parties will maintain insurance as provided in Section 10,6 of the LCA. VoteCo is a limited liability company duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of State Delaware. If any portion of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable by a court competent jurisdiction, the remainder shall remain in full force and effect.
The Executive will continue to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of Company and have such powers duties may from time be prescribed by Company’s President (the “CEO”) . shall devote Executive’s full working efforts business affairs not engage in any other activities without prior written approval Board Directors “Board”) provided that do create a conflict interest or otherwise interfere with performance Company. Notwithstanding foregoing, (i) religious, charitable community (ii) serving Vaccinex Inc., long services
Unless defined herein or the context otherwise requires, terms used in this Amendment, including preamble and recitals, have meanings ascribed thereto Existing Credit Agreement. The Parties (and their respective officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries, affiliated or otherwise related corporations other business entities) agree that they will not at any time after the date of this Agreement make materially untrue statement about (or Parties’ entities), Purchase Agreement, Agreement.
All communications hereunder will be in writing and effective only on receipt, and, if sent to the Initial Purchasers, mailed, delivered or telefaxed Representative (fax no.: +44 (0)20 7547 2704 confirmed Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, 1 Great Winchester Street, EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom, Attention: Syndicate Desk – Fixed Income; Companies, Crown Holdings, Inc., One Way, Philadelphia, PA 19154-4599, General Counsel (215) 676-6011), with a copy Dechert LLP, Cira Center, 2929 Arch 19104, William G. Lawlor 994-2222).
The proceeds of this Transaction and sale the Securities, net payment placement expenses, will be used by Company for working capital other general corporate purposes subject to restrictions set forth in Securities on Schedule 1 Investor Package. Schedule 4.1(q) hereto sets forth a true, complete and correct description of all insurance maintained by the Diamond Resorts Entities as Closing Date. As Date, such is in full force effect premiums have been duly paid. Each Entity has amounts covering risks liabilities are accordance with normal industry practice.
This Amendment shall bind and inure to the benefit of parties hereto their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors assigns. may be executed in any number counterparts, each which an original, but all constitute one instrument. Landlord Tenant acknowledge agree that Landlord’s Tenant’s covenants Lease as modified by this are independent.
Directly or, to the knowledge of Borrower, indirectly use proceeds any Loan or Letter Credit otherwise make available such Subsidiary other Person fund, finance facilitate activities business with that is, at time funding, a Sanctioned in country territory is funding Country manner would result violation Sanctions by (including Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank otherwise).
The Company will use the net proceeds from sale of Securities to repay existing indebtedness, research and development its product candidates, for working capital purposes not redemption any Common Stock, debentures, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at time convertible into exchangeable for, otherwise entitles holder thereof receive Stock.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall deemed to an original and all taken together constitute one the same instrument. also via facsimile or by e-mail delivery a “.pdf” format data file, original. The Trust Account shall be equitably adjusted to reflect stock dividends, splits, recapitalizations, mergers, consolidations, reorganizations and other changes affecting the securities held therein.
To the extent that insurance is carried by a third-party operator on behalf of any Loan Party, upon reasonable request Administrative Agent, such Party shall use its efforts to obtain and provide Agent with copies certificates showing as named insured. Each hereby assigns for benefit other Secured Parties all monies may become payable under policies reason damage, loss or destruction Collateral.
Each member of the Borrowing Group has good record and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary used ordinary conduct its business, taken as a whole, except for such defects could not, individually aggregate, reasonably be expected to have Material Adverse Effect. The Loan Parties their Subsidiaries is subject no Liens, other than Liens permitted by Section 7.01.
If any action at law or in equity, including for declaratory relief, is brought to enforce interpret sections of this Agreement, the prevailing Party shall be entitled reasonable attorney's fees and costs, which may set by court same a separate that purpose, addition other relief such entitled. This Agreement and the rights, duties, obligations responsibilities of parties hereto shall be governed by construed in accordance with internal laws decisions State New York. The intend that provisions Section 5-1401 York General Obligations Law apply to this Agreement.
During the Term, Executive’s minimum annual base salary will be as follows: $500,000 per annum from Effective Date through December 31, 2016; $525,000 for calendar 2017; $550,000 2018; and $575,000 2019. The shall paid in accordance with Company’s payroll practices policies then effect, any additional increases determined by Board or Compensation Committee of (the “ ”) time to (such salary, increased time, Base Salary ”).
Lessee may not assign this Lease, or any interest herein without Lessor's written consent which shall be unreasonably withheld. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and provided use of Premises remains consistent with Lessee's use, permitted to Lease sublet part further Lessor affiliate, subsidiary, sister company entity in parent owns holds controlling interest. Upon such assignment subletting Lessee, immediately provide a copy fully executed sublease containing all terms, rents addresses assignee/sublessee. In event an sublease, monthly rental received by exceeds total Rent due as determined paragraph 3 above, remitted Lessor. events, remain primarily liable for obligations under Lease. lease.
Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such Exhibit A attached hereto. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and governed by, the laws of State Delaware, United States, without giving effect to principles conflicts law thereof. This Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein shall be conditioned upon closing of by Contribution Agreement. In event that terminates prior to thereby, this terminate automatically without any further action party void ab initio.
Each of the parties hereby irrevocably acknowledges and consent that nay legal action or proceeding brought with respect to any obligations arising under relating this Agreement shall be in courts Commonwealth Pennsylvania if it has can acquire jurisdiction, United States District Court for Western Pennsylvania, as party bringing such may elect, each submits accepts regard proceeding, itself its property, generally unconditionally, jurisdiction aforesaid courts. further waives claim lack over party, agrees not plead claim, transactions contemplated courts, court lacks party.
Except as set forth on Schedule 6.11 attached hereto, the Company shall use net proceeds from sale of Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and not such for: (a) satisfaction any portion Company’s debt (other than payment trade payables in ordinary course business prior practices), (b) redemption Common Stock or equivalents (c) expenses connected with investigations potential litigation and/or settlement litigation.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement of Parties in relation to its subject matter. Any appendices and schedules this shall form a part thereof. may only be amended or supplemented writing, by way document signed (the authorised representatives of) all Parties. For avoidance doubt, each License Agreement, dated April 20, 2015, Sponsored Research June 30, previously executed remains full force effect accordance with their respective terms.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue until such times as notice of termination this is given in writing by either Company or Executive to other accordance with paragraph/Section 5, upon three (3) months' party. Renewal may be made terms parties agree. This Agreement shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced according to the laws of Commonwealth Pennsylvania without regard application choice law rules.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing delivery of Securities for a period one (1) year. Schedule 8.14 to the Purchase Agreement shall be amended and restated in full as set forth folder 2.9 of virtual data room hosted by Merrill Corporation named “Saturn martinwolf,” it exists on date this Amendment.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals and other communications required or permitted hereunder (“ Notices ”) must be in writing (except as may agreed otherwise above with respect to borrowing requests) will effective upon receipt. given any manner which the parties separately agree, including electronic mail. Without limiting foregoing, first-class mail, facsimile transmission commercial courier service are hereby acceptable methods for giving Notices. Regardless of provided, sent a party’s address set forth such party give purpose accordance this section.
Awards may be granted only to individuals who are employees, officers or directors of the Company employees a Parent Subsidiary. If an Event of Default should occur and the Issuer or Trustee incur expenses, including attorneys’ fees, in connection with enforcement this Agreement collection sums due hereunder, Company shall be required, to extent permitted by law, reimburse Trustee, as applicable, for expenses so incurred upon demand.
Except for Jones Lang LaSalle Inc., no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder’s other fee commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement Transaction Document based upon arrangements made on behalf of Buyer. Buyer shall be responsible and all broker fees incurred Inc. related under Agreement.
(a) Employer and Manager hereby state their mutual desire for any dispute concerning a legally cognizable claim arising out of this Agreement or in connection with the employment by Employer, including, but not limited to, claims breach contract, fraud, unlawful termination, discrimination, harassment, workers’ compensation retaliation, defamation, tortious infliction emotional distress, unfair competition, conversion (“Legal Dispute”), to be resolved amicably, if possible, without need litigation.
Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries, to the knowledge or director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate representative thereof, is an individual entity that is, owned controlled by (a) currently subject target Sanctions, (b) included on OFAC’s List Specially Designated Nationals, HMT’s Consolidated Financial Sanctions Targets and Investment Bank List, similar list enforced other relevant sanctions authority (c) located, organized resident in a Jurisdiction.
In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Credit Agreement should be invalid, illegal unenforceable respect, validity, legality and enforceability remaining shall not way affected impaired thereby, parties hereto enter into good faith negotiations to replace provision. This Agreement may be executed in a number of counterparts, by facsimile, each which shall deemed to an original as those whose signature appears thereon, and all together constitute one the same instrument. become binding when or more counterparts hereof, individually taken together, are signed parties.
The Company will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions, decrees or awards to which it may be subject, which, if violated, could reasonably expected have a Adverse Effect. This 2016-B SUBI Supplement shall be created under and governed by construed the internal laws of State Delaware, without reference to its conflicts law provisions, obligations, rights remedies parties hereunder determined in accordance with such laws.
Tenant and Landlord each warrants that it has had no dealings with any real estate broker or agent in connection the negotiation of this Amendment, except Savills Studley, representing Tenant, Colliers International, (collectively, " Brokers "), whose commission shall be paid by (and not Tenant) pursuant to a separate written agreement. If either party dealt person, respect Amendment other than Brokers, such solely responsible for payment fee due said person firm, indemnify, defend hold free harmless against claims, judgments, damages, costs, expenses, liabilities thereto, including reasonable attorneys' fees costs.
Except to the extent such leases in aggregate would not require total payments of more than $10,000,000 per annum, Borrower shall not, and permit any its Subsidiaries that are Guarantors to, directly or indirectly, become remain liable as lessee a guarantor other surety with respect lease property (whether real, personal mixed), whether now owned hereafter acquired (i) has sold transferred is sell transfer Person (other Subsidiaries) (ii) intends use for substantially same purpose been be by connection lease.
EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF COURTS STATE NEW YORK SITTING IN COUNTY UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN YORK, ANY APPELLATE FROM THEREOF, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT RELATING THIS AGREEMENT OTHER DOCUMENT, RECOGNITION ENFORCEMENT JUDGMENT, PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS RESPECT SUCH MAY BE HEARD DETERMINED OR, FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FEDERAL COURT. A FINAL JUDGMENT SHALL CONCLUSIVE ENFORCED JURISDICTIONS SUIT ON MANNER PROVIDED LAW. NOTHING DOCUMENT AFFECT RIGHT ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT LENDER OTHERWISE HAVE BRING AGAINST BORROWER PROPERTIES JURISDICTION.
If any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof to person, place circumstance, shall be held by a court competent jurisdiction invalid, unenforceable void, remainder Agreement and such provisions as applied other persons, places circumstances remain in full force effect. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable to Executive hereunder all federal, state, city or other taxes that the reasonably determine are required be withheld pursuant applicable law regulation and additional withholding which has agreed.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and other communications for hereunder shall be in writing, sent by telecopier, mailed or delivered, (i) if to the Borrower, at its address specified pursuant Credit Agreement, (ii) any Subsidiary Grantor, it c/o Borrower (iii) Administrative Agent, Notice Office of (iv) Lender, Agreement; case such Persons listed above may hereafter notify others writing. All mailed, telecopied, overnight courier effective when received.
The Company and its successors assigns hereby forever release McAndrews (including his heirs family members) from, agree not to sue concerning, or in any manner institute, prosecute, pursue, claim, complaint, charge, duty, obligation, cause of action relating facts, occurrences matters kind that are known the as date duly authorized representative executes this Agreement arise, whole part, from omissions, acts, damages have occurred up until including Effective Date Agreement, including, without limitation all claims arising McAndrews’ position an officer director termination those relationships.
As severance , the Company shall pay Executive sum of $400,000, payable in a single lump on or before June 30, 2016, subject to this Agreement becoming effective as described Paragraph 10 (c). The and acknowledge agree that payment made hereunder is "wages" for purposes FICA, FUTA income tax withholding such taxes be withheld from . Five thousand dollars ($5,000 00) consideration release any claim under Age Discrimination Employment Act 1967 amended ("ADEA''), 3 hereof agrees addition anything value which he already entitled. remainder all claims below 3, Covenant Not Sue 4 protective agreements Paragraphs 6 7 obligation cooperate 14.
Each Party hereby represents and warrants to each other that (1) such has the legal power right execute, deliver perform its obligations under this Agreement, (2) execution, delivery performance of Agreement by have been duly validly authorized all requisite authorizing action, corporate, membership, partnership or otherwise, on part Party, (3) transactions contemplated constitute legal, valid binding enforceable against in accordance with terms, except as enforceability may be limited applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, moratorium similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally general principals equity (regardless whether is considered a proceeding at law).
The Executive shall have such duties and responsibilities during the Term as specified by Chief Officer of Company, to whom directly report who supervise Executive’s work on a regular basis (the “Direct Supervisor”). These may be modified from time in manner consistent with position. agrees serve director and/or officer any subsidiary Company at level commensurate position reasonably requested Board or Direct Supervisor.
If the Parties hereto determine that any payments or benefits payable under this Agreement intended to comply with Section 409A do not so comply, Hand and Company agree amend Agreement, take such other actions as deem necessary appropriate, requirements of 409A, while preserving are, in aggregate, no less favorable than provided Agreement. provision would cause fail shall be effective null void respect benefits, otherwise remain full force effect.
None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by on behalf any Loan Party to Administrative Agent Lender in connection with negotiation this Agreement Document delivered hereunder thereunder (as modified supplemented so furnished) contains material misstatement fact omits state necessary make statements therein, light circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, provided that foregoing shall apply projected information, and respect such Holdings Borrower represent only was prepared good faith based upon assumptions believed them be reasonable at time as Original Effective Date.
This Agreement may be amended or modified, and Borrower, the bank, other Subsidiaries take any action herein prohibited, omit to perform act required performed by it, only if Borrower shall obtain prior written con-sent of Lender that specific amendment, modification, omission act, no course dealing between Bank, operate as a waiver right, power privilege granted under this Loan Document, available at law in equity.
The Member may not assign in whole or part its membership interest ("Membership Interest") the Company without consent of Manager. The Parties agree that certain matters in which Executive has been involved during Executive’s employment may necessitate cooperation with the Company future. To extent reasonably requested by Company, shall cooperate connection arising out of service to Company; provided make reasonable efforts minimize disruption other activities.
To the extent required by law in effect at time any distribution is made from Plan, Company shall withhold taxes and such other amounts to be withheld. Further, law, report deferred and/or taxable under Plan appropriate governmental authorities, including, without limitation, United States Internal Revenue Service. This Section shall apply if, in the two-year period following a Change Control, as that term is defined below, Executive’s employment with Company terminated either: (i) by Company, “Without Cause,” above; or Executive for “Good Reason,” below.
Consultant agrees to undertake and complete the Services (as defined in Exhibit A ) accordance with according schedule specified Appendix 1 . As only consideration due regarding subject matter of this Agreement, Company will pay Unless otherwise specifically agreed upon by writing (and notwithstanding any other provision Agreement), all activity relating be performed Consultant. that it not permit others to) violate agreement or rights third party or, except as expressly authorized hereafter, use disclose at time Consultant’s own party’s confidential information intellectual property connection for on behalf Company.
During your assignment to Host Country, Home Company shall pay salary and other cash compensation, if any, in accordance with the terms of employment agreement Company; provided , however it is understood agreed that for term assignment, (gross) base salary, inclusive holiday allowance, be increased rate €1,750,000 per year (gross). For avoidance doubt, compensation are subject all applicable tax deductions withholdings.
The Parent’s subsidiaries (the “Subsidiaries”) as of the date hereof are set forth in on Schedule 4(a) . Except , Parent owns, directly or indirectly, 100% each Subsidiary and such ownership interest is free clear any liens, all issued outstanding shares capital stock validly issued, fully paid non-assessable preemptive similar rights to purchase securities. Neither nor Subsidiaries subject obligation (contingent otherwise) repurchase otherwise acquire retire convertible securities, rights, warrants options type described preceding sentence. party to, has knowledge of, agreement restricting voting transfer Subsidiary.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Commonwealth Pennsylvania, without regard to principles conflicts rules any state. Any legal proceeding arising out or relating this will instituted a state federal court each Executive, Bank Parent hereby consent personal exclusive jurisdiction such court(s) waive objection(s) that they may have jurisdiction, laying venue claim defense inconvenient forum.
Borrower shall pay interest to Administrative Agent for the account of applicable Bank on outstanding and unpaid principal amount Loans, at a rate per annum as follows: (1) Base Rate Loans equal plus Applicable Margin (2) LIBOR Interest Margin. Any not paid when due (when scheduled, acceleration or otherwise) bear thereafter, payable demand, Default Rate.
Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of based upon this Warrant the transactions contemplated hereby may be instituted in federal courts United States America State Florida, and each party irrevocably submits to exclusive jurisdiction such any proceeding. Service process, summons, notice other document by certified registered mail party’s address set forth herein shall effective service process for brought court. The parties unconditionally waive objection laying venue agree not plead claim court that has been an inconvenient forum.
Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or herein, this Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to laws of State Georgia, without regard conflicts law provisions any state, accordance with applicable federal United States. The Company Participant agree that dispute arising from resolved only a state court sitting Fulton County, which have exclusive jurisdiction over such dispute. consent personal waive objection venue court.
Tenant waives any statutory rights of termination which may arise by reason damage or destruction the Leased Property but such waiver shall not affect contractual granted to under this Article XIV . THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN MORTGAGE) AND OBLIGATIONS ARISING HEREUNDER THEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, LAWS OF STATE NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE PERFORMED SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD CONFLICT LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF. ANY MORTGAGE WHICH MORTGAGED PROPERTY IS LOCATED.
Each Credit Party and each Subsidiary of owns, or is licensed to use, all Intellectual Property necessary conduct its business as currently conducted except for such the failure which own license would not reasonably be expected have, either individually in aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. To knowledge Party, (a) operations businesses does infringe, misappropriate, dilute, violate otherwise impair any owned by other Person (b) no has contested right, title interest in, relating to, Property, than, case, cannot affect Loan Documents transactions contemplated therein not, have
The proceeds of the Revolving Loans will be used only for general corporate purposes Company and Subsidiaries in ordinary course business (including Acquisitions Investments permitted hereunder) to refinance existing Indebtedness. No part any Loan used, whether directly or indirectly, purpose that entails a violation Regulations Board, including T, U X.
During the Employment Term, Company shall obtain comprehensive major medical, hospitalization and disability insurance coverage, either group or individual, for Executive his dependents, may continue in force life (“key man”) on benefit of Company/Executive (collectively, “Policies”), which Policies keep effect at its sole expense throughout Term. The to be provided by terms as determined Board. Within 30 days following any termination this Agreement, Executive’s option, assign all assignable policies then owned consideration payment premiums accruing after date such termination.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall deemed an original, and all together constitute one the same instrument. delivered by facsimile transmission. Supplier shall only manufacture the Product to Vericel's specifications and not change materials, specifications, design/configuration, procedures, packaging or labeling without Vericel’s prior written consent. Vericel may reject any lots that are defective otherwise do conform drawings, purchase orders.
The jurisdiction and waiver of right to trial by jury provisions in Sections 15.18 15.19 the Credit Agreement are incorporated herein reference mutatis mutandis. This Amendment may be executed any number counterparts, all which taken together shall constitute one same agreement parties hereto execute this signing such counterpart. Delivery an signature page facsimile or other electronic transmission (including “.pdf”, “.tif” similar format) effective as delivery a manually counterpart hereof. governed by, construed accordance with, laws State New York.
In the event that Executive breaches Executive’s obligations under this Agreement, including Release, or Employment Agreement Company learns representations and warranties contained in are false, will have right to bring a legal action for appropriate equitable relief as well damages, reasonable attorneys’ fees, also suspend payment of Special Consideration set forth and/or recover, addition any damages allowed by law, has received Agreement.
The invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any provision provisions this Agreement will not affect other Agreement, which remain in full force and effect, nor the a portion balance such provision. In event that one more contained thereof shall for reason be held to invalid, illegal unenforceable respect, reformed, construed enforced as if had never been herein.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Agreement, JPMorgan may assign any of its rights or duties hereunder one more Affiliates without prior written consent Counterparty. other provision this Master Confirmation requiring allowing purchase, sell, receive deliver Shares securities from Counterparty, designate such and otherwise perform JPMorgan’s obligations respect Transaction designee assume obligations. right Settlement third party who legally Shares. shall be discharged Counterparty only extent performance. For avoidance doubt, hereby acknowledges that notwithstanding designation hereunder, are not completed by designee, obligated continue cause designees
The term of the Sublease shall be extended for a period three (3) years and months commencing on April 1, 2016 expiring June 30, 2019, (the “ Extension Period ”). This Agreement may not be amended, modified, altered or supplemented other than by means of a written instrument duly executed and delivered on behalf the Parent Restricted Holder.
Executive expressly agrees that during his employment by the Company and for two (2) years following termination of such any reason, he will make no statement take actions kind, verbal or written, directly indirectly disparages Related Parties, injures their general reputation interferes with Company’s its Affiliates’ operations, except as required applicable law. Nothing in this Section 10 shall restrict from cooperating communicating government listing entity.
The parties recognize that if any provision of this Agreement is violated by the Company, Indemnitee may be without an adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, in event such violation, shall entitled, so elects, to institute proceedings, either law or equity, obtain damages, enforce specific performance, enjoin relief combination foregoing as elect pursue.
This Note may not be modified or amended in any manner except writing executed by the Maker and Holder. The parties intend and agree that each covenant condition contained in this agreement shall be a separate distinct covenant. If any provision of is found to invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions not affected.
The Executive hereby agrees not to defame, disparage, or criticize the Company any of its affiliates, their respective products, services, finances, financial condition, capabilities, other aspect businesses, former existing employees, managers, directors, officers, shareholders, agents, in medium person entity, without limitation time; provided, that may confer confidence with his legal representative and make truthful statements as required by law. shall instruct directors officers disparage Executive, be refrain from conferring representatives Company’s making
References in this Agreement to “this Agreement” and the words “herein,” “hereof,” “hereunder” similar terms include all Exhibits Schedules appended hereto, including Plan. All references “Sections” shall be Sections of unless explicitly stated otherwise. The word “include” variations thereof are used an illustrative sense not a limiting sense. decisions Committee upon questions regarding or Plan will conclusive. Unless otherwise expressly herein, event any inconsistency between Agreement, control. headings sections have been included for convenience reference only, considered part hereof no way modify restrict provisions hereof.
No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such Events for which liability occur, could be result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of projected benefit obligations under each Plan (based on the assumptions used purposes Statement Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as date most recent financial statements reflecting amounts, exceed by more than $40,000,000 fair market assets Plan, and underfunded Plans Plans.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each U.S. Lender agrees that any Domestic Borrower under Tranche may from time request Lenders submit offers make loans in Dollars (each such loan, a “ Bid Loan ”) on Business Day during Availability Period pursuant this Section 2.7 ; provided immediately after giving effect Borrowing, (a) Total Outstandings shall not exceed Aggregate Commitments (b) aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans Sublimit. There be more than five different Interest Periods with respect at time.
Following a Change in Control, the Company shall advance Executive (and her beneficiaries) any and all costs expenses (including without limitation attorneys’ fees other charges of counsel) incurred by (or resolving controversy, dispute or claim arising out relating to this Agreement, agreement arrangement between Company, Executive’s employment with termination thereof which arises relates an event that occurs within two (2) years following Control; provided , reimburse advances on net after-tax basis cover for claims brought are judicially determined be frivolous advanced bad faith.
Borrowers agree to pay on demand all reasonable costs and expenses of Agent the Lenders (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery administration this Amendment other instruments or documents provided for herein delivered be hereunder herewith. All obligations shall survive any termination Credit Agreement as amended hereby.
In the event that Executive is made a party or threatened to be any action, suit, proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative (a “ Proceeding ”), other than initiated by Company related contest dispute between and of its affiliates with respect this Agreement Executive’s employment hereunder, reason fact was director officer Company, affiliate serving at request as director, officer, member, employee, agent another corporation partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise, shall indemnified held harmless fullest extent applicable under Company’s bylaws, from against liabilities, costs, claims, expenses, including all costs expenses incurred in defense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees).
Giving effect to the Form 8-K filing described in Section 5.1(j) of this Agreement, Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided Highbridge International LLC or Tactical Credit and Convertibles Master Fund, L.P. (collectively, “ ”) their agents counsel with information constitutes would reasonably be expected constitute material, nonpublic regarding Subsidiaries. The understands will rely foregoing representation effecting transactions securities Company.
The execution and performance by the Company of its obligations under Transaction Documents, including issuance to Investors Subscription Shares upon subscription therefor, compliance each Company’s Subsidiaries with provisions Policy Agreement, do not (assuming all Authorizations referred in Section 3.01(d) ( Status ) Disclosure Letter have been obtained): (i) conflict or result a breach any terms, conditions of, constitute default, require consent under, indenture, mortgage, agreement other instrument arrangement which Subsidiary is party bound; (ii) violate terms Charter respective constitutional documents Subsidiary, as applicable; (iii) Authorization, judgment, decree order statute, law, rule, regulation requirement applicable Subsidiary.
Employee represents and warrants that he has not entered, nor will enter, into any other agreements restrict his ability to fulfill obligations under this Agreement the Confidentiality Agreement. Section 2.11(a) shall be amended to delete the phrase “the Applicable Rate noted under caption “Unused Commitment Fee Rate”“ and replace it with Rate” as defined in definition of Rate”.
During the Employment Term, Company shall pay Executive an annual rate of base salary as set forth on Schedule 4.1 in periodic installments accordance with Company's customary payroll practices, but no less frequently than monthly. The Executive's salary, effect from time to time, is hereinafter referred " Base Salary ".
Except as disclosed in Section 3.14 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, date this Agreement, there is no Legal Proceeding which pending or, to Company’s knowledge, threatened against or any manner challenges seeks prevent, enjoin, alter delay transactions contemplated by Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures delivered by facsimile (including "pdf") effective for purposes.
The execution, delivery and performance by such Obligor of each Loan Document described in Section 6 hereof (and, with respect to the Parent Borrower, Term Agreement Amendment (as defined below)), transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (including, without limitation, Westfalia Acquisition, borrowing 2016 Incremental Loans extension Commitments (each as Amendment)), have been duly authorized all necessary action, this other is a legal, valid binding obligation enforceable against accordance its terms, subject applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium laws affecting creditors’ rights generally general principles equity, regardless whether considered proceeding equity at law.
The parties agree that: (i) any litigation involving noncompliance with or breach of the Agreement, regarding interpretation, validity and/or enforceability shall be interpreted in accordance and governed by laws Commonwealth Virginia, without regard for conflict law principles; (ii) jurisdiction venue laid solely exclusively Circuit Court City Virginia Beach United States District Eastern Norfolk Division.
Any dispute or controversy arising under in connection with this Agreement shall be settled exclusively by arbitration Portland, Oregon three arbitrators accordance the rules of American Arbitration Association then effect. Judgment may entered on arbitrators’ award any court having jurisdiction; provided, however, that you entitled to seek specific performance your right paid until Date Termination during pendency Agreement. The Company bear all costs and expenses proceeding pursuant Section 12.
Engage in any material line of business other than those lines conducted by Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the date hereof businesses reasonably related, complementary or incidental thereto reasonable extensions thereof; permit suffer Change Control. will not, without prior written notice, change jurisdiction formation. None of Buyer nor any its Affiliates, officers or directors on behalf has employed financial advisor, broker finder in a manner that would result liability for Seller broker’s fees, commissions finder’s fees connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement if Closing does not occur.
In order to facilitate the resolution of any Claims made against or incurred by Seller prior Closing, for other reasonable purpose, a period six (6) years after Purchaser shall retain Assigned Books and Records (including personnel files) relating periods Closing in manner reasonably consistent with practices Business, and, upon notice, afford access right make, at Seller’s expense, photocopies), during normal business hours, such Records.
The U.S. Borrower will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations orders any Governmental Authority applicable to it or property (including Environmental Laws ERISA), in case except where the failure do so, individually aggregate, could not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect. maintain effect enforce policies procedures designed ensure compliance by Holdings, Borrowers, their respective directors, officers, employees agents Anti-Corruption Sanctions.
In the event of any described in Section 19 Plan occurring after Grant Date, adjustment provisions as provided for under shall apply to Option. No authorizations, approvals or consents of, and no filings registrations with, any Governmental Authority are necessary for the execution, delivery performance by Company of Loan Documents validity enforceability thereof, except recording filing certain Security Instruments as required this Agreement.
Subject to Section 8 hereof, the extent that Option has become vested and exercisable with respect a number of shares Common Stock as provided herein, may thereafter be exercised by Participant, in whole or part, at any tim e from time prior expiration such manner via Internet website maintained Company’s third-party Plan administrator, otherwise Committee, each case, accordance Sections 6.3(c) 6.3(d) conditioned upon payment full Per Share Exercise Price specified Grant Notice multiplied underlying portion exercised. The delivery o f Shares exercise Option, all so delivered, shall subject restrictions conditions set forth Plan.
Without limitation of any other matters that are stated to survive the expiration or earlier termination this Sublease Prime Lease, Paragraphs 3 (Rent), 4 (Electricity; Utilities), 14 (Brokerage), 24 (Waiver Jury Trial and Right Counterclaim), 26 (Limitation on Liability) will Sublease. Company has complied with, and is not in violation of, applicable federal, state, or local statutes, laws, regulations affecting its properties the operation of business, including, but limited to, federal state securities laws.
Each of the Credit Parties and its Subsidiaries has (i) good, sufficient legal title to (in case fee interests in real property), (ii) valid leasehold or personal (iii) good all other their respective material properties assets reflected financial statements information referred Section 6.7 most recent delivered pursuant 7.1 , each except for disposed since date such as permitted under 8.10 a disposition that does not constitute an Asset Sale. All are free clear Liens than Permitted Liens.
This Plan shall be governed by, and construed enforced in accordance with, the internal laws of State Illinois (without regard to principles conflicts laws) extent not preempted by federal law, which otherwise control. If any provision this held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity unenforceability affect other hereof, as if had been included.
The Transferor, by accepting the Purchase Price related to each purchase of Receivables generated or otherwise acquired shall be deemed have certified that representations and warranties contained in Article V , as from time amended accordance with terms hereof, are true correct all material respects on such day, same effect though made day (except for which apply an earlier date, case date).
The occurrence of a Change in Control with respect to Pledgor or (as defined the Subordinated Loan Agreement) Pledge Guarantor. All initially capitalized terms used herein (including the preamble and recitals hereof) without definition shall have meanings ascribed thereto in Credit Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but such when taken together, constitute one agreement.
Parent shall keep reasonable and accurate records pertaining to the amounts billed Spinco under this Agreement in accordance with Applicable Law (and at a minimum period of up four years after termination last Service Agreement). provide its Representatives access (to extent permitted by Law) such during normal business hours upon advance notice term reasonably necessary allow or audit amount Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, any all of which shall constitute and the same instrument. Either Party, at its option, supply document required by referenced this either paper electronic form (including, but not limited to, an electronically imaged, faxed, photocopied, online posted version), such version sufficient for purposes under Agreement.
The release and discharge of the Employer all affiliated persons entities from any claims, demands causes action relating to your employment with Employer, other than as vested benefits which you may be entitled under benefit plan, will in such form proscribed by acting plan sponsor a fiduciary, time modifications deems appropriate for individual situation.
This Amendment and the legal relations between parties shall be governed by interpreted in accordance with laws of State Tennessee applicable to contracts made performed entirely within Tennessee. EACH PARTY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL WITH RESPECT ANY DISPUTE RELATING OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT WAIVER IS MADE KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AFTER CONSULTING (OR HAVING HAD THE OPPORTUNITY CONSULT WITH) COUNSEL ITS OWN CHOOSING AS MEANING WAIVER.
The Committee shall have broad authority to amend the Certificate without approval of Participant extent necessary or desirable (a) comply with, take into account changes in, applicable tax laws, securities accounting rules and other regulations (b) ensure that is not required recognize income for United States federal purposes with respect any Stock Options before such are exercised subject additional interest under Section 409A Options. be obligated make amendment, however, neither nor Company makes representation guarantee will 409A.
In the event that any provision or portion of this Plan shall be determined to invalid unenforceable for reason, remaining provisions unaffected thereby and remain in full force effect. All questions concerning the construction, validity, and interpretation of this Agreement performance obligations imposed by shall be governed internal laws State Illinois applicable to agreements made wholly performed in such state without regard conflicts law provisions any jurisdiction.
If, as a result of the Executive’s incapacity due to physical or mental illness determined by physician selected Executive, and reasonably acceptable Company, (i) Executive shall have been substantially unable perform his duties hereunder for two consecutive months, an aggregate 60 days during any period twelve months (ii) within thirty after written Notice Termination is given such two- twelve- month period, not returned substantial performance on full-time basis, Company right terminate employment “Disability”.
Each of the Partnership Parties hereby irrevocably waives, to fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right trial jury in legal proceeding arising out or relating this Agreement, Terms Agreement transactions contemplated thereby. The Transferred Companies and the Subsidiaries are covered by valid policies of insurance with respect to their properties business kinds in amounts not less than customarily obtained companies established reputation engaged same or similar similarly situated.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding between Operating Partnership, Company Executive with respect to subject matter hereof, supersedes all prior agreements understandings hereof (including, without limitation, Prior Employment Agreement), parties hereto have made no representations, promises, or understandings, written oral, relating of this which are not set forth herein. shall be changed unless in writing signed by both an authorized representative Partnership Company. Notwithstanding anything contained contrary, nothing construed as superseding replacing terms Agreement.
Any term or condition of this Agreement may be waived at any time by the Party that is entitled to benefit thereof, but no such waiver shall effective unless set forth in a written instrument duly executed on behalf waiving condition. The either right hereunder failure perform breach other not deemed whether similar nature otherwise. rights and remedies provided herein are cumulative do exclude remedy Applicable Law otherwise available except as expressly herein.
THIS BRIDGE NOTE WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND INTERPRETED CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF STATE NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO CONFLICTS PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD RESULT APPLICATION LAW ANY OTHER STATE. The Lender shall have received evidence that all Board, governmental, shareholder and material third party consents approvals necessary in connection with the entering into of this Agreement been obtained.
Neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary is in default under or with respect to Contractual Obligation that would, either individually aggregate, reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect, and no Default has occurred continuing would result from consummation of transactions contemplated by this Agreement other Loan Document. This Agreement is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of State New York, without regard to conflict law provisions thereof.
During the Contract Period, Employee shall devote his attention and expend best efforts, energies skills on a full-time basis serving as President to business of The Company. perform such duties have authority responsibilities consistent with position Board Directors may assign from time time. will be subject all policies, rules regulations applicable employees Company comparable status comply reasonable directions instructions Directors.
Part B of Schedule 3.14 the Disclosure Supplement is a complete and correct list each Lien securing Indebtedness (other than any constituting Obligations) Person outstanding on date hereof aggregate principal or face amount which equals exceeds (or may equal exceed) $5,000,000 covering property GEO its Restricted Subsidiaries, secured that be secured) by such covered described in reasonable detail said .
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the same meanings given to them in Agreement, unless context otherwise requires. The division of this Agreement into Articles, Sections, Exhibits and other subdivisions the insertion headings are for convenience reference only shall not affect or be utilized in construing interpreting Agreement. All references to any “Section”, “Article” “Exhibit” corresponding Section Article unless otherwise specified.
This Option shall be exercised by the Optionee delivering to Secretary of Company or his designated agent on any business day (the “Exercise Date”) a written notice, in such manner and form as may required Company, specifying number Shares then desires acquire Notice”). The Exercise Notice accompanied payment aggregate Per Share Price for acquired upon exercise. Such made set forth Section 6.5 Plan.
The execution, delivery and performance by each Seller, Guarantor Seller Party Subsidiary of Program Agreement do not conflict with any term or provision the formation documents by‑laws such law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, writ, injunction decree applicable to court, regulatory body, administrative agency governmental body having jurisdiction over Subsidiary, which would have a Material Adverse Effect will result in violation mortgage, instrument, agreement obligation is party.
No party will (a) use any other party’s proprietary indicia, trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, symbols, or brand (b) otherwise refer to identify in advertising, publicity releases, promotional marketing publications, correspondence third parties without, each case, securing the prior written consent of such party. This award represents a substantial economic benefit to the Participant. The Participant, by virtue of such Participant's role with Company, has access to, and is involved in formulation of, certain confidential secret information Company regarding its operations each Participant could materially harm business competing or soliciting employees customers Company.
Notwithstanding the vesting schedule set forth in Schedule A : if there is a Change Control of Company (as defined Plan) following end Performance Cycle, and Awardee’s Continuous Status as an employee, contemplated by Section 4 hereof, shall not have been terminated date immediately prior to effective such Control, then subject attainment during Cycle described on any applicable Objective A, provisions 21 this Award Agreement, SUA’s representing Threshold, Target Exceptional Award, which are already vested become full Control.
Employee shall return to Company all property and confidential proprietary information including, but not limited to, computer(s), files, documents, passcodes, designs, plans any other property, or in form medium. In addition, agrees that he will, upon Limelight’s request, provide reasonable written certification Limelight has complied with this provision. The Administrative Agent shall have received certificates of insurance, together with appropriate endorsements, for the insurance policies carried by Credit Parties, all in compliance Documents, including Section 9.03(c) hereof.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, no officer, director, employee or stockholder of LXRT any Affiliate such Person, has had, either directly indirectly, an interest transaction with (other than for services employees, officers and directors), including Contract other arrangement providing furnishing to by, rental real personal property from, otherwise requiring payments from Person or, Knowledge LXRT, entity which is trustee partner.
The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of Credit Document executed, or to be such the consummation transactions contemplated thereby (i) are within power (ii) have been duly authorized all necessary actions on part Party. The Borrower agree s to pay all reasonable out of pocket costs and expenses (including without limitation fees any counsel, financial advisor, agent for the Lender) incurred before or after date hereof by Lender its affiliates in connection with preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery administration this Amendment other Loan Documents.
This Agreement, the other Basic Documents, Confidentiality Agreement and agreements documents referred to herein are intended by parties as a final expression of their agreement be complete exclusive statement understanding hereto thereto in respect subject matter contained therein. There no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, than those set forth with rights granted HEP Purchaser herein. supersedes all prior understandings between such matter.
The execution of this Agreement by each Note Party and Holders constituting 69% the outstanding 2022 Notes as date hereof. This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented or modified except in writing signed by the person(s) against whose interest(s) such change shall operate. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, each party hereto irrevocably waives any and all rights to a trial jury in action or proceeding (whether based on contract, tort, otherwise) arising out of relating this Commitment Letter Transactions actions Wells Fargo its affiliates negotiation, performance, enforcement Letter.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers recognized financial responsibility against such losses risks in amounts as management the believes to be prudent customary businesses which engaged. Neither nor any Subsidiary has been refused insurance coverage sought or applied for, neither reason believe that it will unable renew existing when expires obtain similar from may necessary continue business at a cost would not have Material Adverse Effect.
The Company shall use the net proceeds hereunder for general working capital purposes, and not such proceeds: (a) satisfaction of any portion Company’s other debt (other than payment trade payables in ordinary course business prior practices), (b) redemption Common Stock or Equivalents, (c) settlement outstanding litigation (d) violation FCPA OFAC regulations.
Company and its Subsidiaries have filed all Tax Returns that they were required to file under applicable laws regulations, other than are not yet due or for which a request extension was filed. All such correct complete in material respects been prepared substantial compliance with regulations. Taxes owing by (whether shown on any Return) paid reserved accrued the balance sheet of is contesting good faith.
Without limiting clause (ii) of Section II hereof, the Borrower agrees on demand (i) to pay all reasonable fees and expenses counsel Administrative Agent, reimburse Agent for out-of-pocket costs expenses, in each case, connection with preparation, negotiation, execution delivery this Agreement other Loan Documents delivered herewith. REIT Seller owns the Units, each all of Intermediate Interests in such REIT’s corresponding Mezz Owner, and Owner Owner’s Property case free clear any liens, claims or encumbrances other than those relating to indebtedness that will be repaid by on prior Closing.
All obligations of the Company applicable to its employees, whether arising by operation Law, contract, past custom or otherwise, attributable payments trusts other funds any governmental agency, with respect unemployment compensation benefits, social security benefits for employees employment said through date hereof have been paid adequate accruals therefor made on Financial Statements. reasonably anticipated such (except those related wages during pay period immediately prior Closing Date and in ordinary course business), custom, salaries holiday pay, bonuses forms payable services rendered them will be Date.
Each of the Borrower and Guarantors acknowledges, confirms agrees that Specified Defaults have occurred or may occur, as a result thereof, Agent Lenders right, other than during Forbearance Period (as defined below), to exercise all such rights remedies against are respectively available them under Credit Agreement Loan Documents applicable law, without notice, except for notice be expressly provided in required by law.
These Terms and Conditions the Notice may be amended by Committee at any time; provided , that no such amendment shall adversely affect RSUs in material way, without your written consent. The Participant shall immediately be 100% vested in the Participant's Designated Roth Account. Participant acknowledges and agrees that has reviewed the Agreement in its entirety, had an opportunity to obtain advice of counsel prior executing accepting Award fully understands all provisions Award.
None of the officers or directors Company any Subsidiary and, to knowledge Company, none employees is presently a party transaction with (other than for services as employees, and directors), including contract, agreement other arrangement providing furnishing by, rental real personal property from, borrowing money from lending otherwise requiring payments officer, director such employee or, entity in which director, has substantial interest an trustee, stockholder, member partner, each case excess $120,000 (i) payment salary consulting fees rendered, (ii) reimbursement expenses incurred on behalf (iii) benefits, stock option agreements under plan Company.
This Agreement (together with Schedule I and II ) constitutes the entire agreement among parties hereto respect to matters described herein supersedes all other prior agreements understandings, both written oral, such matters. Any provision of this Agreement prohibited or rendered unenforceable by any applicable law court jurisdiction shall as to such be ineffective the extent prohibition unenforceability without invalidating remaining provisions hereof, and in not invalidate render other jurisdiction.
The Seller will not, directly or to the knowledge of Seller, indirectly, use any proceeds a Purchase Letter Credit lend, contribute otherwise make available such Person, fund activities business with Sanctioned Person in Country, other manner that result violation by party this Agreement (including participating transaction, whether as Purchaser, LC Participant, Bank Administrator, otherwise) Sanctions.
Any notice, consent or demand required permitted to be given under the provisions of this Plan shall in writing and signed by party giving making same. If such is (i) delivered personally, date delivery deemed demand, (ii) mailed, either it sent United States certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed addressee’s last known address as shown on records Employer, which case five days after mailing (iii) recognized overnight courier, second business day sending demand. person may change notice manner aforesaid.
Upon the first, second and third anniversaries of Date Grant (each, a “Vesting Date”), one-third Units that have not been previously forfeited shall become vested. The Human Resources Compensation Committee Company’s Board Directors (the “Committee”) may, in accordance with Plan to extent permitted by Section 409A Code (if applicable), accelerate vesting period as some or all at any time.
Not later than five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof, copies of all notices, requests and other documents (including amendments, waivers modifications) so received under pursuant to instrument, indenture, loan credit similar agreement and, from time upon request the Administrative Agent, such information reports regarding instruments, indentures agreements as Agent may reasonably request.
Except as otherwise provided for in Section 2 of Article III, and subject to 7 8(b) II, payment the PRSUs that have become nonforfeitable accordance with Sections 3, 4, 5 or 6 II shall be made form (i) Common Shares up 100% ROIC RTSR PRSUs, (ii) cash greater than each case between January 1, 2019 March 15, 2019. Any will equal Market Value per Share on date applicable times number such plus any dividend equivalents accrued since Date Grant (as below 11 this II). The local currency, less taxes.
As of the date this Agreement, authorized capital Company consists 500,000,000 common shares and 5,000,000 preferred shares, without par value, which 52,829,398 are issued outstanding as June 7, 2016, all have been duly validly fully paid non-assessable. (i) 3,432,194 reserved for issuance pursuant to Company’s stock option plan (including nil upon settlement restricted units 425,152 exercise options) (ii) 69,734,288 Warrant Agreement. Except set forth in SEC Documents (as defined below), there no stockholders agreements, voting agreements (except those Voting Agreements be entered between Investors Aegerion) or other similar with respect is a party.
After giving effect to the making of Loan and other transactions contemplated by this Agreement occur on Effective Date, Parties, a consolidated basis are, Solvent. No transfer property is being made any Party no obligation incurred in connection with or Documents intent hinder, delay, defraud either present future creditors such Party.
Upon the Borrower’s obtaining knowledge thereof, Borrower will give written notice to Administrative Agent within five Business Days of (i) occurrence a Default or Event Default, specifying nature and extent thereof what action proposes take with respect thereto, (ii) any change in Debt Rating (iii) following (A) pendency commencement litigation, arbitration governmental proceeding against which, if adversely determined, would have reasonably be expected Material Adverse Effect (B) institution proceedings to, receipt by such Person potential liability responsibility for violation alleged of, federal, state local law, rule regulation (including, without limitation, Environmental Law), which constitutes Effect. The immediately fiscal year Borrower.
Each of Purchaser’s and PCM’s representations warranties in this Agreement must be accurate (i) all respects (in the case any representation or warranty qualified by materiality a similar term); (ii) material not term), each as Closing Date (except that address matters only specified date, accuracy which shall determined date). The terms and provisions of the Existing Security Agreement are hereby amended restated in their entirety by this Agreement.
Executive further acknowledges and agrees that he has carefully read this Agreement asked any questions needed for him to understand the terms, consequences binding effect of fully understands it been provided an opportunity seek advice legal counsel his choice before signing Agreement. is executing voluntarily, own free will, without coercion, undue influence, threat, or intimidation kind type whatsoever. hereby represents not subject other agreement will violate by working with Company in position which hired Executive. Further, no conflict interest a breach Executive’s fiduciary duties result performing Company.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of State New York without regard to conflicts principles. Any controversy or claim arising out of, relating to, this Agreement, making, performance, interpretation thereof, shall adjudicated Courts and may only brought a party if it is permitted pursuant in accordance with provisions Article VI . No bring any for breach, loss damage unless bringing such entitled indemnification Agreement.
From the Agreement Date to Closing Date, each of Intasco and USA shall, Seller shall cause to, maintain its existing Insurance Policies or obtain substantially similar coverage on presently insured property (real, personal, mixed) owned leased by USA; all such be used, operated, maintained, repaired in ordinary course business consistent with past practice.
Unless this Agreement shall have been terminated pursuant to Article VI and subject the satisfaction or waiver of conditions set forth in V, closing Stock Purchase (the “Closing”) will take place electronically no later than at 5:00pm. U.S. Pacific Standard Time on business day three (3) days following date V (as indicated by officer certificates be issued GAWK XTELUS V) “Closing Date”), unless another date, time is agreed writing parties hereto.
There is no action, suit, proceeding, arbitration or investigation pending or, to Guarantor’s knowledge, threatened against Guarantor in any court by before other Governmental Authority, each case, which might have consequences that are reasonably likely materially and adversely affect the performance of obligations duties under this Guaranty. outstanding unpaid judgments Guarantor.
In the event that at any time, as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3, Holder shall, upon exercise Warrant, become entitled receive securities or assets (other than Common Stock) then, wherever appropriate, all references herein shares Stock shall be deemed refer and include such and/or other assets; thereafter number subject from time in manner terms nearly equivalent practicable provisions 3. Any results decrease Exercise Price also effect proportional increase into which Warrant is exercisable.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to effective and valid under applicable law, but if any prohibited by or invalid ineffective the extent prohibition invalidity, without invalidating remainder provisions remaining Warrant. The death of a Participant or an Inactive prior to complete distribution the Account shall be event.
Each Credit Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) to, at all times preserve keep in full force effect existence rights franchises, licenses permits material to business, except the extent permitted by Section 8.8 or constituting an Asset Sale hereunder; provided that no Holdings Borrower with respect existence) shall be required such existence, right franchise, if Person’s board directors (or similar governing body) determine preservation thereof is longer desirable conduct business Person loss not disadvantageous Lenders.
Any and all notices or other communications deliveries to be provided by the Company, Holder hereunder, including, without limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall in writing delivered personally, facsimile, sent a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed respective Company Holder, at address set forth above. notice communication hereunder deemed given effective on earliest (i) date transmission, if such is via facsimile number specified signature page, (ii) second Trading Day following mailing, (iii) upon actual receipt party whom required given.
The Company will continue to provide you the opportunity enroll in company’s benefit programs currently offered other senior executives your geographic region. Each plan is you, subject employee premium co-pay policies effect. In addition, approval of Board Directors, also receive any benefits or available employees similar roles at Company. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of State Delaware, without giving effect to any choice or conflict provision rule (whether Delaware other jurisdiction); provided , however that Florida govern matters pertaining internal corporate governance Company.
During the Period of Employment, Company shall pay Executive, and Executive agrees to accept from Company, in full payment for his services, a base salary at an annual rate one hundred fifty thousand dollars ($150,000) per year, payable accordance with Company’s general payroll practices effect time (but no event less frequently than monthly installments). not be entitled any additional compensation service on Board during Employment. However, should Employment end continue Board, compensated as non-employee director under policy its directors, such is time, period after
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier as provided below, terminate expiration Imprimis’ obligation to pay Commissions hereunder. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any Designated Hedge represent final agreement among parties with respect to subject matter hereof thereof, supersede all prior agreements understandings, oral or written, relating may not be contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous subsequent parties. There are no unwritten
All representations and warranties of Borrower Guarantor in the Loan Documents shall survive making have been or will be relied on by Lender notwithstanding any investigation made Lender, as case may be. indemnification obligations under this Agreement, including Section 9.2 , termination Agreement payment Obligations for a period two (2) years.
You agree to keep the terms and existence of this Agreement confidential extent allowed by law. shall not voluntarily disclose contents other persons or third parties unless such disclosure (a) is consented in writing both parties, (b) compelled legal process as subpoena court administrative order, Securities Exchange Commission filing. In event process, party receiving promptly notify order allow opportunity oppose its contents.
Each of Elliott, on the one hand, and Company, other acknowledges agrees that irreparable injury to Party hereto would occur in event any provisions this Agreement were not performed accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached such be adequately compensable by remedies available at law (including payment money damages). It is accordingly agreed hand (the “ Moving ”), shall each entitled enforcement of, injunctive relief prevent violation hereof, will take action, directly indirectly, opposition seeking grounds remedy equity. This paragraph 18 exclusive for Agreement.
The Parties acknowledge that, as set forth in Section 7.22 of the Asset Purchase Agreement, all transition services were to end by May 29, 2015. Service Provider hereby confirms that has received approval from its Affiliate continue certain beyond agree notwithstanding term limit Services will be extended this Seventh Amendment.
(a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and other communications for hereunder shall be in writing (including telegraphic, telex, telecopier or cable communication) mailed, telegraphed, telexed, telecopied, cabled delivered: if to the Borrower, at Borrower’s address specified opposite its signature below; any Credit Party, such Party’s set forth Subsidiaries Guaranty; Lender, on Schedule II; Administrative Agent, Notice Office; or, Party designated by party a written notice parties hereto and, each Lender Borrower Agent. All shall, when sent overnight courier, effective deposited mails, delivered telegraph company, company case may be, telex telecopier, except that Agent not until received be.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterpart copies, each of which will deemed to an original copy this and all which, when taken together, constitute the same agreement. The exchange copies signature pages by electronic transmission shall effective execution delivery as parties used lieu for purposes. Signatures transmitted facsimile email their signatures
(i) Each of the Acquisition Agreement Representations shall have been accurate as 8:00 a.m. (eastern Australian time) on Second Court Date and (ii) each Specified be Closing Date, Administrative Agent received a certificate, dated senior officer Parent certifying foregoing. The Borrowers will use the proceeds of Loans only as provided in Section 8.08 .
If any provision of this Addendum No. 11 is deemed to be invalid or unenforceable for reason, the remainder will not affected. In addition, in lieu such provision, there added automatically as a part 11, valid and enforceable similar terms provisions permitted by applicable law. Pursuant to the Act, this Agreement shall be effective as of time filing Certificate Formation Company with office Florida Secretary State.
Except as set forth in Schedule 3.12 , the Borrower owns all right, title and interest to Intellectual Property licensed by CBI IP Agreement, without conflict with rights of any other person. To Borrower’s knowledge, use such does not interfere with, infringe upon, misappropriate or otherwise violate intellectual property person, no material claim litigation regarding foregoing is pending threatened writing.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of State California without regard to conflict principles. In event that any dispute arises under this Agreement, Parties agree proceedings will take place exclusively Alameda County California. The Mortgagor shall pay and perform the Obligations in full as when same become due under Loan Documents they are required to be performed thereunder.
There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation completed, pending or, to the knowledge Company, contemplated threatened against affecting any Subsidiary their respective properties before by court, arbitrator, governmental administrative agency regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local foreign) (collectively, an “ Action ”), which would reasonably be expected adversely affect challenge legality, validity enforceability Transaction Documents sale, issuance, listing, trading resale Shares on Trading Market hereunder. The Commission has not issued stop order other suspending effectiveness registration statement filed Company under Exchange Act Act.
During the Employment Term, Company shall pay Executive in substantially equal monthly or more frequent installments, an annual salary of Six Hundred Thousand Dollars ($600,000) (“ Base Salary ”), payable accordance with normal payroll practices and schedule Company. Executive’s be reviewed annually may increased at any time from to as Board and/or Compensation Committee (the “ applicable, deem appropriate its sole discretion. The term ”, utilized this Agreement, refer increased. Any increase not serve limit reduce other obligation under Agreement. reduced during except consent Executive. All amounts Agreement are stated prior deductions for federal state income employment tax withholding.
The Borrower, the Guarantor and each of their Subsidiaries are entities duly incorporated or organized validly existing in good standing under laws jurisdiction which they formed incorporated, have requisite power authorization to own properties carry on business as now being conducted. qualified foreign do is every its ownership property nature conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except extent that failure be so would not have, either individually aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Supplement Note Purchase Agreement, Company will issue sell each Purchasers, Purchasers purchase from Company, at Closing provided for in Section 3, Series 2016-1 Notes principal amount specified opposite their respective names attached Schedule A price 100% thereof. The obligations hereunder are several not joint no Purchaser shall have any liability Person performance or non-performance by other hereunder.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 4 below, your Stock Option shall have a term of ten (10) years from [ ] until (the “Expiration Date”) and vest accordance with the vesting schedule. If Expiration Date falls on date which New York Exchange is closed for trading, be trading day immediately prior to Date.
If Executive is prevented from performing his/her duties hereunder by reason of any physical or mental incapacity that results in Executive’s satisfaction all requirements necessary to receive benefits under the Company’s long-term disability plan due a total disability, then, extent permitted law, Company may terminate employment at after such time. Nothing this Subparagraph 4(b) shall be construed waive rights, if any, existing law including, without limitation, Family and Medical Leave Act 1993, 29 U.S.C. §2601 et seq. Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 §12101
Any representation, warranty or statement made deemed to be by the Maker herein in any certificate delivered required pursuant hereto shall prove untrue material respect on date as of which it was have been made. Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the representations and warranties of Parties contained or made pursuant to Agreement shall survive execution delivery Closing no way be affected by any investigation knowledge subject matter thereof on behalf Parties.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof and may be amended only in a writing that is executed by each of hereto. Buyer has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement. The New Administrative Agent shall have received all accrued and unpaid interest on the Original Term Loans Existing Revolving Credit Commitments, fees required to be paid, expenses for which reasonably detailed invoices been presented (including reasonable of legal counsel), or before Restatement Effective Date.
Except for Jon Vance of MedDx Strategy Partners, LLC, Venaxis has not retained any broker, finder or agent agreed to pay brokerage fees, finder's fee commissions with respect transactions contemplated hereby. This Stock Purchase Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall deemed to an original and together constitute one the same instrument.
An SAR is an Award entitling the holder, upon exercise, to receive amount in cash or Common Stock a combination thereof (such form be determined by Board) whole part reference appreciation, from and after date of grant, Fair Market Value share Stock. SARs may based solely on appreciation fair market value comparison such with some other measure growth as (but not limited to) recognized index. The which shall exercise unless another specified Board Award.
Lender may sell, transfer or assign all any portion of its interest one more participation interests in the Loan, Loan Documents, Guaranty and Environmental Indemnity at time from to time, including, without limitation, rights obligations as servicer Loan. forward each purchaser, transferee, assignee, servicer, participant, investor (collectively, “ Investor ”) prospective Investor, documents information which now has hereafter acquire relating Borrower, TRS Entity Guarantor Property, whether furnished by Entity, otherwise, determines necessary desirable.
No waiver of any provision or condition of, default under, this Agreement by party shall be valid unless in writing signed such party. taken as a other similar future event, act, default. This Guarantee represents the agreement of Guarantor and Purchasers with respect to subject matter hereof, there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by relative hereof not expressly set forth referred herein in other Transaction Documents.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and party hereto execute such counterpart, each which when delivered shall deemed to an original all taken together constitute but one the same instrument. become binding or more have been by parties. Except as modified supplemented this Amendment, terms Employment Agreement arc hereby ratified confirmed. governed construed accordance with internal laws State New York without reference principles conflicts law.
Upon a Change in Control then (1) the vested portion of Option or Stock Appreciation Right, to extent unexercised and exercisable on date which Participant’s Service terminated, may be exercised by Participant (or guardian legal representative) at any time prior expiration three (3) months after terminated without Cause, but event no later than Expiration Date, (2) exercisability vesting Right shares acquired upon exercise thereof otherwise accelerated effective as such extent, if any, shall have been determined Committee, its discretion, set forth Award Agreement evidencing Right.
The parties’ rights and obligations under this Agreement will bind inure to the benefit of their respective successors, heirs, executors, administrators permitted assigns. Company may freely assign Agreement, Consultant expressly agrees that any intellectual property licensed are transferable Company’s assignee without Consultant’s consent. shall not or hereunder prior written consent Company. Any such purported assignment in accordance with Section 6.2 be null void.
Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by jury in legal proceeding arising out or related this agreement transactions contemplated hereby. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL PURSUANT TO NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTION 5-1401 BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF STATE APPLICABLE CONTRACTS EXECUTED, FULLY PERFORMED, SUCH STATE.
The occurrence of the Commencement Date shall be deemed full performance and discharge every obligation on part Assignor to performed hereunder, except for those obligations which are expressly stated in this Assignment survive Closing. The Administrative Agent shall have received the financial statements for Borrower and its Subsidiaries set forth in Form 10 filed by with SEC on February 26, 2014, calculated a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to Corporate Spin-Off.
If any term or condition of this Note shall be held to invalid unenforceable, the rest enforced without unenforceable provision. The Company shall use the proceeds from sale of Securities materially for purposes set forth in budget previously delivered by to Investor and not, directly or indirectly, such any loan investment other corporation, partnership, enterprise person (except connection with its currently existing direct indirect Subsidiaries).
The headings of various sections this Agreement have been inserted for reference only and shall not be deemed to a part Agreement. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT RELATING THIS AGREEMENT, OTHER RELATED AGREEMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY .
In the event of a Corporate Transaction or Share Change, Restricted Stock shall be adjusted as and to extent provided in Section 3(d) Plan. The above Recitals are incorporated by reference. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meaning ascribed to such in Amended and Restated Employment Agreement.
Article and Section headings in the Loan Documents are included such for convenience of reference only shall not constitute a part applicable any other purpose. No Partnership Interest shall be transferred, in whole or part, except accordance with the terms and conditions set forth this Article XI. Any transfer purported of a not made XI null void.
If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes deemed to be invalid, illegal unenforceable in jurisdiction would disqualify the Award under applicable law, such shall construed amended conform law (or if cannot so without materially altering purpose intent and grant hereunder, stricken as remainder award remain full force effect).
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.5 , no Seller Party currently has, or has had, any Subsidiaries through which the Business is been conducted. The Plan shall become effective on the date it is approved by Company’s shareholders, which be considered of its adoption for purposes Treasury Regulation §1.422-2(b)(2)(i). No Awards made under prior to date. If shareholders fail approve June 30, 2016, will no further force or effect.
Except as provided in the Employee’s equity award agreement(s) and Employment Agreement, if applicable, this Agreement sets forth entire agreement of parties hereto respect subject matter contained herein supersedes all prior agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties, whether oral written, by any officer, employee representative party hereto; is hereby terminated cancelled.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Time and in effect until terminated accordance with this Article V (the “ Term ”). terminate upon earlier to occur (a) last date on which either Party is obligated provide any individual Service other terms Agreement; (b) mutual written agreement Parties its entirety; or (c) that twenty-four (24)-month anniversary Distribution Date. Unless otherwise pursuant Section 5.02 , respect each close business day Period for such Service.
All covenants, representations and warranties made herein shall continue in full force effect until the Final Payout Date. Each Originator’s obligations to indemnify Originator Indemnified Parties pursuant terms of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document with respect expenses, damages, losses, costs liabilities survive later (x) Date (y) all applicable statute limitations periods actions that may be brought by Company Administrative Agent under Documents have run.
Holders shall be entitled to receive, and Borrower pay, simple interest on the outstanding principal amount of this Note at annual rate twelve percent (12%) per annum payable in cash Maturity Date. The Board of Directors shall appoint an appropriate person or entity to prepare and file any tax returns other filings which may be for the Joint Venture.
Restricted Stock Unit Awards may (but need not) be made subject to Vesting Conditions based upon the satisfaction of such Service requirements, conditions, restrictions or performance criteria, including, without limitation, Performance Goals as described in Section 10.4, shall established by Committee and set forth Award Agreement evidencing Award. The Committee, its discretion, provide any a that, if with respect shares would otherwise occur on day which sale violate provisions Trading Compliance Policy, then automatically determined first (a) next trading not Policy (b) later (i) last calendar year original vesting date occurred (ii) Company’s taxable occurred.
The definitions of capitalized terms used in this Agreement are provided Section 16. These terms constitute a part of the Declaration. The Sponsor will provide copy Declaration, Guarantee, and Indenture to Holder without charge on written request at its principal place business. The use of proceeds with regards to the Minimum Purchase Price, Maximum or any additional amounts up Price Purchaser invests, shall be subject Purchaser's review and approval, which approval not unreasonably withheld.
The Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrowers, sell participations to Person (other than a natural person Borrower of Borrowers’ Affiliates Subsidiaries) (each, “ Participant ”) in all portion Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Revolving Credit Commitment Loans owing it); provided that (i) shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto for performance such and (iii) Borrowers continue deal directly with connection Agreement.
Cornell will pay all required taxes on Cornell’s income from Annapurna under this Agreement. provide with taxpayer identification number. If the Merger is consummated, obligations set forth in this Agreement shall remain full force and effect survive Closing Date. The provisions of this Transition Agreement are severable, and if any part it is found to be unenforceable, the other paragraphs shall remain fully valid enforceable. This survive termination arrangements contained herein.
The Borrower hereby absolutely and unconditionally releases forever discharges the Lender, any all participants, parent corporations, subsidiary affiliated insurers, indemnitors, successors assigns thereof, together with of present former directors, officers, agents employees foregoing, from claims, demands or causes action kind, nature description, whether arising in law equity upon contract tort under state federal otherwise, which has had, now made claim to have against such person for by reason act, omission, matter, cause thing whatsoever beginning time including date this Amendment, are matured unmatured known unknown.
Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that this Guaranty accurately represents contains the entire agreement between Holder with respect to subject matter hereof, is not relying, in execution of Guaranty, on any representations (whether written or oral) made by behalf except as expressly set forth all prior statements and/or connection hereof are merged herein. This shall be waived, altered, modified amended its terms provisions writing duly signed Guarantor.
Promptly after any Authorized Officer has become aware of the commencement thereof, notice all actions, suits, proceedings or investigations before by Official Body other Person against Loan Party Subsidiary which relate to Collateral, involve a claim series claims in excess Two Million Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($2,500,000.00) if adversely determined would constitute Material Adverse Change.
THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF TERMS THIS AGREEMENT, THEIR INTERPRETATION, MATTERS HEREIN RELEASED (A “CLAIM”) SHALL BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY, CALIFORNIA, BEFORE A SINGLE ARBITRATOR WITH JUDICIAL & MEDIATION SERVICES (“JAMS”), PURSUANT ITS EMPLOYMENT RULES PROCEDURES, WHICH CAN FOUND AT JAMSADR.COM (“JAMS RULES).
The Releasor Parties agree not to file for themselves or on behalf of any other party, claim, charge, complaint, action, cause action against the Released Persons and Entities related arising from Claims, further indemnify hold harmless all losses, including, without limitation, cost defense legal fees, occurring as a result claims, charges, complaints, actions, causes made brought by Party third party in violation this Release. In event that brings suit Entities, covenant, relation and/or actions inactions activities taken Parties, provided only such are found have been illegal, pay costs including attorneys' incurred challenging action.
This Agreement supersedes all previous oral or written agreements, understandings arrangements between the Company and you regarding a termination of your employment with change in status, scope authority salary, benefits other compensation that receive from as result (the “ Subject Matter ”), which are wholly terminated canceled. contains covenants agreements parties respect to Matter. Each party this acknowledges no representations, inducements, promises, orally otherwise, have been made by any party, anyone acting on behalf not embodied Agreement. Any subsequent agreement relating modification will be effective only if it is writing signed against whom enforcement sought consistent Section 409A Code.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile transmission) in one or more counterparts, the different parties hereto separate each of which when shall deemed to an original but all taken together constitute same agreement. Copies counterparts transmitted telecopy other electronic transmission service considered for purposes this Section 3.9.
This Agreement and the Schedules hereto collectively constitute entire agreement among Parties pertaining to subject matter hereof supersede all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations discussions, whether oral or written, of hereof. In event a conflict between terms provisions this any Schedule hereto, shall govern control; provided, however, that inclusion in not addressed be deemed conflict, such additional given full force effect, Section 9.3 .
This Agreement, the Plan and other Definitive Documents may not be modified, amended, or supplemented without prior written consent of Debtors Requisite Majority Consenting Noteholders; provided that (i) economic adequate protection provisions DIP Orders Initial Restructuring Support Parties for so long as such hold at least 85% First Lien Notes Second (ii) any modification of, amendment supplement to, this Section 25 definitions Noteholders, Parties, Noteholders shall require all Parties.
The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, maintain, with financially sound reputable insurance companies, in such amounts (with no greater risk retention) against risks as are customary among companies of established reputation engaged the same or similar businesses operating locations. furnish to Lenders, upon request Administrative Agent, information reasonable detail so maintained.
The Obligors shall comply in all material respects with the applicable laws of any governmental authority having jurisdiction over as a result this Lease Agreement and their respective performance under Agreement. The Plan and this Agreement (including all Exhibits hereto, if any) constitute the entire agreement of parties supersede in their entirety prior undertakings agreements Company Participant with respect to subject matter hereof.
Landlord shall pay Landlord’s Broker a commission in connection with Broker’s negotiation of this Lease pursuant to separate written agreement. Other than such Brokers and Tenant’s Brokers, Tenant each represent warrant the other that no broker, agent, or finder has procured, was involved of, agent is may be entitled fee, compensation Lease. indemnify, defend, protect hold harmless from against Claims asserted indemnified party breach foregoing warranty representation.
Seller is a limited partnership validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state formation with power to own all properties assets carry on business as it currently being conducted. duly qualified do every jurisdiction which failure be so or would have Material Adverse Effect Mint Business Seller’s ability consummate transactions contemplated hereby.
This Agreement shall terminate on the third anniversary of effective date hereof unless either (1) a Change Control occurs or before such (2) Committee determines to extend this for an additional three-year term shorter period as it be appropriate. Notwithstanding foregoing, if at time when would otherwise terminate, party has taken steps reasonably calculated effect is under consideration, then automatically continue in until (A) occurs, which event thereafter remain accordance with its terms, (B) Board makes good faith determination that opinion, efforts by Corporation have been abandoned, extended pursuant clause preceding sentence.
All representations and warranties made by the Grantors in this Agreement certificates or other instruments delivered connection with pursuant to shall be considered have been relied upon parties hereto survive execution delivery of making any loans issuance Letters Credit, regardless investigation such party on its behalf notwithstanding that Agent Senior Lender may had notice knowledge Default (as defined either Credit Note Agreement) Event incorrect representation warranty at time credit is extended hereunder, continue full force effect as long principal accrued interest loan note fee amount payable under a outstanding unpaid Letter so Revolving Commitment has not expired terminated.
Notices hereunder shall be given only by personal delivery, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, overnight courier service, email, and deemed delivered immediately when personally sent via email (with requested received) three days following such notice being deposited in the mail to a postage charges prepaid, properly addressed particular Party whom is sent, address as set forth below applicable Party's name on signature pages hereto.
This Sublease shall in all respects be governed by and construed accordance with the laws of State New York. If any term this is held to invalid or unenforceable court competent jurisdiction, then remainder remain full force effect fullest extent possible under law not affected impaired. Subject to the provisions of Article XIII and except as otherwise expressly provided, this Lease shall be binding upon, inure benefit of, parties hereto each their respective representatives, heirs, successors assigns.
Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of Agent (including attorneys’ fees) incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery administration this Amendment other instruments or documents provided for herein delivered be hereunder herewith. All obligations shall survive any termination Credit Agreement as amended hereby.
Executive shall be entitled to vacation time in accordance with the Company’s policy for senior executives. acknowledges that given his position at Company, will remain generally available and accessible managers through an electronic means of communication when reasonably possible. Directly or indirectly use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for purpose that would materially breach Anti-Corruption Laws cause party to this Agreement other Loan Document (including Secured Party) be in violation applicable Laws.
Except in connection with a Vesting Acceleration Event defined Paragraph 3(c) of this Agreement or as provided Section 13.3 the Plan, all shares Restricted Stock that are not considered Vested by at cessation Participant’s employment Company Subsidiary (or both case dual employment) shall be forfeited to on date employment. Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks paid vacation and days of personal business time each year during the Term. Any or not used in any subject forfeiture accrual pursuant Company’s then-current policy.
If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any portion this Agreement is in violation statute or public policy, then only the portions which violate such policy shall be stricken, and all do not continue full force effect. Further, it parties’ intent order striking should modify terms as narrowly possible to give much effect intentions parties under Agreement.
All representations and warranties made in this Consent shall survive the execution delivery of effectiveness Amendments, no investigation by Holders affect such or right to rely upon them. This Agreement is binding on and for the benefit of Company Executive their respective successors, heirs, executors, administrators, other legal representatives. Neither this nor any right or obligation hereunder may be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged by without prior written consent other.
The words “Sublandlord” and “Subtenant” as used herein shall include the plural well singular. necessary grammatical changes required to make provisions hereof apply either corporations or partnerships individuals, men women, case may require, in all cases be assumed though each fully expressed. captions of Articles Sections are for convenience only not deemed limit, construe, affect alter meaning such Sections.
The Executive will promptly inform the Company of any Creations he conceives or develops during Term. shall (whether his employment after termination employment) execute such written instruments and do other acts as may be necessary in opinion its counsel to secure Company’s rights Creations, including obtaining a patent, registering copyright, otherwise (and hereby irrevocably appoints officers attorney fact undertake name). Executive’s obligation assist securing continue for reason, reimburse out-of-pocket expenses (but not attorneys’ fees) incurs connection with compliance this Section 9 (c).
This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed the Executive and President of Company. The captions and headings of this Agreement are for convenience reference only do not in any way limit or amplify the terms provisions hereof. The provisions of Section 5 this Transition Agreement shall survive the termination and/or Executive’s employment to extent necessary effectuate terms contained herein.
Each Subsidiary Guarantor shall remain obligated hereunder notwithstanding that, without any reservation of rights against and notice to or further assent by Guarantor, demand for payment the Obligations made Administrative Agent Lender Party may be rescinded such continued, Obligations, liability other Person upon part thereof, collateral security guarantee therefor right offset with respect thereto, may, from time time, in whole part, renewed, extended, amended, modified, accelerated, compromised, waived, surrendered released Party, this Agreement Loan Documents documents executed delivered connection herewith therewith supplemented terminated, as (or Required Lenders all Lenders, case be) deem advisable at held sold, exchanged, released.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original but all together constitute and the same instrument. The execution this made by facsimile signature, to original. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all when taken together a single contract. Images signatures transmitted facsimile or other electronic transmission ( e.g. .pdf) effective as originals.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement (concerning taxes, assessments and utility charges), operating expenses of Seller or Property Manager for the Real shall be payable by Buyer on an accrual basis accordance with parties’ respective periods ownership so that pays all accruing prior to Closing Date after Date.
Except as otherwise provided herein, Grantor waives all notices and demands in connection with the enforcement of Secured Party’s rights hereunder. All notices, requests, other communications for hereunder shall be made accordance terms Credit Agreement. Should any one or more of the provisions this Amendment be determined to illegal unenforceable, all other shall given effect separately from provision unenforceable and not effected thereby.
This Agreement shall extend to and be binding upon the Consultant, Company, its successors assigns. During the Term, it will comply, and ensure that its Affiliates with all local, state, federal international laws regulations in material respects connection obligations hereunder, including, respect to Pieris, those relating development, manufacture, use, sale importation of Products.
Awards may be granted on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 6. In addition, Committee impose any Award or exercise thereof, at date of grant thereafter (subject to 10(c)), such additional conditions, not inconsistent with provisions Plan, as shall determine, including requiring forfeiture event termination employment by Participant permitting a make elections relating his her Award. Subject 10(c), retain full power discretion accelerate, waive modify, time, term condition an that is mandatory under Plan; provided, however, have modify intended qualify 162(m) if would cause so qualify.
The Employer shall reimburse the Executive for all reasonable travel, industry, entertainment, and out-of-pocket miscellaneous expenses incurred by in connection with performance of his business activities under this Agreement accordance existing policies procedures pertaining to reimbursement such PM’s, including travel related Executive’s Ohio from primary base employment Florida. In addition, agrees legal review analysis an attorney selected Executive, amount not exceed $10,000.
The Award shall vest and become nonforfeitable (subject to Section 6.4 of the Plan), with respect portion total number Stock Units comprising adjustment under 6.2 Plan) on dates specified in Vesting Schedule above, subject earlier termination or acceleration as provided herein Plan. The parties hereto shall pay their own costs and expenses in connection herewith, except that the Company reimburse Investors for reasonable documented legal fees related with transactions contemplated hereby up to a maximum of $50,000 within time following Closing.
Each notice relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered person or by registered mail Wintrust Financial Corporation, 9700 West Higgins Road, Rosemont, Illinois 60018, Attn: General Counsel, at such other address designated the Company. All notices Participant persons succeeding Participant’s rights under as it then appears on Company’s records.
All matters with respect to this Agreement, including, without limitation, of validity, construction, effect and performance, will be governed by construed in accordance the laws State Ohio applicable contracts made performed therein between residents thereof (regardless that might otherwise under principles conflict law). THIS WAIVER AND THE RIGHTS OBLIGATIONS OF PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, LAW STATE NEW YORK. SECTIONS 10.15 10.16 CREDIT AGREEMENT ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO APPLY HERETO.
Except as expressly provided herein, this Agreement shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of, affect the rights and remedies of Administrative Agent Lenders under Existing Credit any other Loan Document, alter, modify, amend in way terms, conditions, obligations, covenants agreements contained all which are ratified affirmed respects continue full force effect. Nothing herein be deemed to entitle Party consent to, waiver, amendment, modification change Document similar different circumstances.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined Section 2 the Securities Act) that could reasonably be expected integrated with Shares a manner would require registration under Act Purchasers purposes rules and regulations Trading Market such it shareholder approval prior closing other transaction unless is obtained before subsequent transaction.
This Second Amendment shall be governed by the laws of State Colorado. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Executive and Executive’s dependents, heirs, representatives, exec utors, administrators, successors assigns, inure to benefit of Company others released in this Agreement, their respective executors, assigns. The termination or expiration of this Agreement shall not affect the rights obligations which have accrued prior to effective date such expiration. Sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8(f), 9, 10, 11, and 12 survive any Agreement.
Borrower shall not create, establish or acquire Subsidiaries own stock any other interest in bank than the Bank, permit creation, establishment acquisition of such by Subsidiary, except as permitted under Section 6.4. This Release may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall deemed to an original, but all together will constitute one and the same instrument.
The Executive shall be entitled to defense by and full indemnification from the Company for any claims brought against him based on alleged act or omission related in way Executive’s employment maximum extent permitted under applicable law Company’s bylaws. In addition, during term of employment, covered directors’ officers’ insurance policy maintained Company.
No broker, investment banker or other Person, is entitled to any broker’s, finder’s similar fee commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made on behalf of Buyer. Medgenics will maintain insurance with respect to its activities be performed in connection the Initial Development. Such such amounts and subject deductibles as Parties may agree based upon standards prevailing industry at time.
The audited Consolidated financial statements of the Borrower, for fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 and unaudited Borrower quarter September 30, 2015, furnished to Administrative Agent Lenders, are true complete in all material respects, have been prepared accordance with GAAP, fairly present respects condition Companies as dates such results their operations periods then ending.
This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower is legal, valid binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable against in accordance with its terms, except as affected (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer other similar laws relating to or affecting enforcement creditors’ rights generally and/or (ii) general principles equity (regardless whether such considered a proceeding at law equity).
The rights and remedies of the Members hereunder shall be cumulative (and not alternative). agree that, in event any breach or threatened by Member covenant, obligation other provision set forth this Agreement, for benefit each Member: (a) such entitled (in addition to remedy that may available it) (i) a decree order specific performance mandamus enforce observance provision, (ii) an injunction restraining breach; (b) required provide bond security connection with decree, related action legal proceeding.
Each of Landlord and Tenant guarantees, warrants represents that the individual or individuals signing this Amendment on its behalf have power, authority legal capacity to sign bind all entities, corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, joint venturers other organizations entities whose such signed. The Borrower is using or has used the proceeds of Loans exclusively for purposes specified in Section 5.01 .
Excluding any matters covered by Section 3.08 , no authorization, consent, approval, waiver, license, qualification or written exemption from, nor filing, declaration, registration with, Governmental Authority other Person is required in connection with the execution, delivery performance Partnership of Transaction Documents Partnership’s issuance and sale Securities, except (a) obligations under Registration Rights Agreement, (b) as may be state securities “Blue Sky” Laws, (c) where failure to receive such make would not, individually aggregate, reasonably expected have a Material Adverse Effect.
Any and all notices, requests, demands other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be in writing effective when delivered person or overnight courier delivery service, three business days after being deposited United States mail, postage prepaid, registered certified, addressed to Executive at his last known address on the books of Company or, case Company, Company’s principal place business, attention Chairman Board, such as either party may specify notice actually received.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original and all together to one the same instrument. Signatures delivered by facsimile effective for purposes. The Grant Letters and these Conditions shall bind inure to the benefit of successors assignees Company. Grantee may not sell, assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose Performance Shares, except a successor grantee in event Grantee’s death.
Each of the Parent Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries has good title in fee simple to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all material real property located United States America, other except where failure to have such would not reasonably be expected Material Adverse Effect, none is subject any Lien, for Permitted Liens. Except Excluded Properties, Mortgaged Properties described on Schedule 5.8 together constitute properties owned by Loan Parties as Closing Date.
Debtor waives presentment and demand for payment of any the Obligations, protest notice dishonor or default with respect to all other notices which might otherwise be entitled, except as expressly provided herein in Securities Purchase Agreement. This Bill of Sale shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws State California.
This Agreement shall be construed under, and governed in accordance with, the laws of State New York. Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, each Party shall pay its own expenses incident to Agreement and all action taken preparation for effecting the provisions of Agreement. For valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is acknowledged, Assignor does hereby irrevocably assign, transfer, sell, convey deliver to Assignee, its successors assigns, Assignor’s entire ownership rights, title, interest priority in Transfer Agent Letter corresponding Share Reserve, including any right, title or reserved shares thereunder (the “Assignment”).
The execution and delivery by such Transferor of this Agreement each other Transaction Document to which it is a party, the performance its obligations hereunder thereunder do not result in creation or imposition any Adverse Claim on assets Transferor, contravene violate (i) Organizational Documents, (ii) law, rule regulation applicable it, (iii) restrictions under agreement, contract instrument party property bound, (iv) order, writ, judgment, award, injunction decree binding affecting (except as created Documents) except, case, where contravention violation could reasonably be expected have Material Effect; no transaction contemplated hereby requires compliance with bulk sales act similar law.
As of the Effective Date, set forth in Schedule 3.12 is a complete and correct list all Subsidiaries together with, for each such Subsidiary, (i) full legal name, (ii) type organization, (iii) jurisdiction (iv) if applicable, whether it Subsidiary Guarantor on Date (v) Person holding ownership interests percentage voting rights with respect thereto represented by interest.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF law , ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN SUIT, ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OTHER THEORY) DIRECTLY INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT RELATING THIS AGREEMENT, LOAN DOCUMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY. (a) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO AGREEMENT BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION.
The parties agree that certain matters in which the Executive will be involved during Term may necessitate Executive’s cooperation future. Accordingly, following termination of employment for any reason (except event death), to extent reasonably requested by Board or President/Chief Officer Holdings, shall cooperate with Company connection arising out service Company; provided , make reasonable efforts minimize disruption other activities. reimburse expenses incurred such and, is required spend substantial time on matters, compensate at an hourly rate based Base Salary Termination Date.
The term of this Agreement (the “Term”) shall commence on the Date Hire and terminate upon earlier to occur (i) Expiration (as defined below), or (ii) termination Employee’s employment with all Consolidated Companies. Both parties shall execute such other documents and perform acts that are necessary in order to effectuate the intent purposes of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of successors assigns each Party hereto ; provided, however , that neither this nor any right or obligation hereunder may assigned delegated by either (including, without limitation, merger, operation law, through transfer substantially all equity, assets, business a Agreement) in whole part other Person prior written consent non-assigning Party. Any purported assignment violation provisions Section 9.3 null void have no effect. Notwithstanding foregoing, Micron assign delegate its rights obligations under an Affiliate NTC, such case, promptly notify NTC delegation.
All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) . Except as in , owns, directly or indirectly, all capital stock other equity interests each Subsidiary free clear any Liens, issued outstanding shares validly fully paid, non-assessable preemptive similar rights to subscribe for purchase securities. If has no subsidiaries, references them Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.
No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder’s other fee commission in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby based upon arrangements made by on behalf of Investor. This letter agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State New York applicable to contracts made performed within York. The parties hereto each hereby waive any right trial jury action, proceeding or counterclaim arising out relating this agreement.
Except as provided herein, this Agreement shall be effective the date it is signed by both parties. In the event any provision of Plan is held illegal or invalid for reason, illegality invalidity shall not affect remaining parts Plan, and be construed enforced as if had been included. Section 10.15 of the Credit Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference.
Due to the personal nature of services be rendered by Adviser, he may not assign this Advisory Engagement Agreement. The Company all rights and liabilities under Agreement a subsidiary or an affiliate successor substantial part its business assets without consent Adviser. Subject foregoing, will inure benefit binding upon each heirs, assigns, successors respective parties.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of officers or directors Company any Subsidiary and, to knowledge Company, employees is presently a party transaction with (other than for services employees, and directors), including contract, agreement other arrangement providing furnishing by, rental real personal property from, borrowing money from lending requiring payments officer, director such employee or, entity which director, has substantial interest an trustee, stockholder, member partner, each case excess $120,000 for: (i) payment salary consulting fees rendered, (ii) reimbursement expenses incurred on behalf (iii) benefits, stock option agreements under plan Company.
Upon reasonable advance notice, Seller shall permit authorized representatives of Buyer to (i) discuss the business, operations, assets and financial condition Seller’s Subsidiaries with their officers employees examine books account, records, reports other papers make copies or extracts thereof specifically related Transactions, (ii) inspect all property information (iii) audit operations ensure compliance terms Transaction Documents, GLB Act privacy laws regulations that relate at expense such times as may request.
The term of Executive’s employment under this Agreement shall be the period commencing on date hereof and continuing until December 31, 2016, unless terminated earlier pursuant to section 14 (such period, “ Term ”). with Company during any time after an at-will basis, which means that, subject terms conditions set forth herein, is terminable by either or Executive for reason no reason, without cause.
The Plan shall become effective upon the earlier to occur of its adoption by Board or approval stockholders Company. It continue in effect for a term ten (10) years from date stockholder unless sooner terminated, provided that no incentive stock options may be granted under after April 7, 2026. Subject Section 19 below, and Applicable Laws, Awards approval, contingent on approval.
This Lease shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Issuer, Lessee their respective successors assigns. This Agreement shall, in all respects, be governed by and construed interpreted accordance with the laws of State Georgia. The parties hereto will execute and deliver such further instruments do acts things as may be reasonably required to carry out the intent purposes of this Operating Agreement.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing deemed given if: (i) delivered personally, (ii) one day after being sent by FedEx or a similar commercial overnight service, (iii) three days mailed registered certified mail, return receipt requested, prepaid addressed to Company at its principal office, attention: General Counsel, Executive Executive’s last residence known the Company, such addresses as parties may designate written notice.
Each Member, for itself, its Affiliates and their directors, officers, agents, employees other persons authorized to act in or behalf agrees that the Business of Joint Venture shall be conducted conformity with all applicable laws, statutes, regulations, rules, policies, orders as effect from time time. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with New York law without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms which are in the Credit Agreement and used herein (and recitals hereto) as so defined. No Default or Event of shall have occurred and be continuing on the Closing Date after giving effect to Loans requested made Date. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (including by facsimile electronic transmission), all of which taken together shall constitute contract. Alternatively, this granted to and accepted the Participant electronically.
Any Chairman Retention RSUs that are not vested pursuant to Section 4 of this Award Agreement shall be forfeited on each applicable Vesting Date. Subject any provision the contrary in Letter (including 7 thereof), and notwithstanding anything Plan, event Participant’s service as chairman Board terminates for reason at a time when outstanding unvested, such immediately forfeited, unless otherwise determined by Company its sole discretion.
The obligations of this Article 2 shall be irrevocable until the applicable Release Date or Note Termination. Upon occurrence any Guarantor’s Date, such Guarantor under terminate (other than those as may reinstated provided in Section 2.2(d) ), all without delivery instrument performance act by party. Termination, Holder have no obligation to make loans other advances Obligor Note, and undertakings under, reason of, pursuant Guaranty been completely performed, is thereafter subject reinstatement . All extensions credit financial accommodations heretofore hereafter made Company conclusively presumed acceptance hereof reliance hereon..
In consideration of the Company’s payment to Executive $300,000, less all applicable state and federal tax withholdings other lawful deductions (the “ADEA Consideration”) within five (5) days expiration revocation period ADEA release attached hereto as Exhibit B Release”), hereby agrees that he shall sign return Company Release in accordance with its terms thirty (30) following Separation Date. acknowledges effectiveness have no effect on this Agreement be full force binding upon Parties from date execution. would not otherwise entitled receive Consideration absence Executive’s execution (and non-revocation) Release.
Borrower and each other Loan Party waives, discharges, forever releases Agent, Lender from of any all claims, causes action, allegations or assertions that has may have had at time up through including the date this Amendment, against foregoing, regardless whether such are known to arose as result actions omissions in connection with Documents, amendments, extensions modifications thereto, Agent’s administration debt evidenced by loan documents otherwise.
Any question or dispute regarding the administration interpretation of Notice, Plan, Partnership Agreement this shall be submitted by Grantee, Company to Committee. The resolution such Committee final and binding on all persons. You shall continue to receive your current base salary at the rate of $750,000 per annum from Transition Date through end Period.
Except as otherwise provided in Sections 3.3, 4.1(g) and 5.8, the Executive Company both agree to submit any disputes under this Agreement binding arbitration with a mutually agreeable arbitrator make their best efforts settle within 90 days. In event does not occur has cooperated process agrees pay, full extent permitted by law, all legal fees expenses which may reasonably incur result of contest (regardless outcome thereof) or others validity enforceability of, liability under, provision guarantee performance thereof, plus each case interest at applicable Federal rate for Section 7872(f)(2) Code.
Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, this document embodies the complete agreement and understanding among parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof supersedes preempts any prior understandings, agreements or representations by parties, written oral, which may have related in way, except that Agreement shall not supersede covenants Section 5.9 (Director Officer Liability) of Purchase Agreement, Subscription be incorporated herein reference.
The failure of any the parties hereto to at time enforce provisions this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed a waiver such provision, nor in way effect validity provision hereof right thereafter each and every Agreement. No breach, non-compliance non-fulfillment effective unless set forth written instrument executed by party against whom which enforcement is sought; no other subsequent non-fulfillment.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period three (3) years ending third anniversary or, if later, last day any extension made pursuant to next sentence, subject prior termination as set forth in Section 9 (such term, including extensions "Employment Term"). Employment Term be extended automatically one (1) additional year second an each thereafter unless until either party gives written notice other not extend such becoming effectuated.
The Revolving Line terminates on the Maturity Date, when principal amount of all Advances, unpaid interest thereon, and other Obligations relating to shall be immediately due payable. All existing liens, as referenced in Paragraph 4 above, must be satisfied at Closing. Executive’s base salary (the “ Base Salary ”) will be paid at the rate of $25,000 monthly ($300,000 annualized) during Term. may increased by Compensation Committee and/or Board in their sole discretion, but shall not decreased without consent. periodic intervals accordance with Company’s normal payroll practices for salaried employees.
No Loan Party will request any Borrowing, and no shall use, each procure that its Subsidiaries or their respective directors, officers, employees agents not the proceeds of lend, contribute otherwise make available such to Person (A) in furtherance an offer, payment, promise pay, authorization payment giving money, anything else value, violation Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for purpose funding, financing facilitating activities, business transaction with Sanctioned Person, Country, (C) manner would result Sanctions applicable party hereto.
Insurance proceeds shall be applied or disbursed as set forth in Subsection 6.5 of the Credit Agreement to extent and applicable. None of the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any instrument delivered under will survive First Closing. This Section 8.12 does not limit covenant parties to which, by its terms, contemplates performance after
This Agreement and each other Loan Document may be executed in one or more counterparts, of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute the same instrument. Delivery by telecopier counterpart a signature page to this effective as delivery original such Document. The Agents also require that any documents signatures delivered confirmed manually signed thereof; provided failure request deliver not limit effectiveness document telecopier.
Subject to the provisions of Sections 5 and 6 this Agreement, RSUs shall cease be restricted shall, subject achievement Performance Goal set forth below, become non-forfeitable (thereafter being referred as “ Vested ”) in [equal] installments on [each of] ([each a] Vesting Date ”). Notwithstanding foregoing, except none any unless (the
Each Borrower and Subsidiary owns or has the lawful right to use all material Intellectual Property necessary for conduct of its business, without conflict with any rights others. There is no pending or, Borrower's knowledge, threatened Claim respect Borrower, their (including Property). Except as disclosed on Schedule 9.1.11 , pays owes Royalty other compensation Person Property. All (other than off-the-shelf software) owned, used licensed by, otherwise subject interests of, Subsidiary, Closing Date, shown .
From and after the Effective Date, Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of [ ][ each ] Assigned Interest (including principal, interest, fees other amounts) to relevant Assignee whether such amounts have accrued prior to, on or Date specified for this Assignment Assumption. The Assignor s appropriate adjustments by periods with making assignment directly between themselves.
Credit Agreement . Effective as of the Restatement Date (as defined below), Original is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety set forth Exhibit A hereto (the “ Restated ”) Requisite Lenders consent Agency Transfer Transactions. Each signatory Borrower amendment pursuant this Agreement, terms Transactions Agreement). Accrued interest on this Note shall be payable the Maturity Date.
This Agreement shall be governed by , and construed in accordance with, the laws of State Kan sas, any court action commenced to enforce this have as it s sole exclusive ve nue County Wichita Kansas. In addition, Executive Company waive right he or may otherwise a trial jury terms Agreement.
Licensee shall not assign this Agreement, except with the prior written consent of Licensor, which may be arbitrarily withheld. Subject to the provisions of Sections 3 hereof, shall vest as follows, provided that Participant is continuously serving a Director, 100% on first anniversary Grant Date specified above. Upon expiration Option, Option be cancelled and no longer exercisable.
The Credit Parties shall pay to Agent and each Lender all expenses (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees of any attorneys retained by or Lender) in connection with preparation, negotiation, execution delivery this Waiver documents instruments relating hereto. The captions in this Agreement are for convenience only, and no way limit or amplify the provisions hereof. All Exhibits Schedules attached hereto by reference made a part hereof, governs case of any conflict. This is severable, invalidity provision shall not affect other
This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties on any number separate counterparts, each which shall constitute an original, but all taken together deemed to instrument. Delivery signature page this facsimile transmission as effective delivery a manually counterpart Agreement. This Consulting Agreement Amendment may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so and delivered shall an original but all such counterparts together constitute one same instrument. Each counterpart consist two copies hereof signed hereto.
Except as otherwise defined herein or the context may require, capitalized terms used but not are in Appendix A to Sale and Servicing Agreement dated of date hereof (as from time amended, supplemented modified effect, “ ”) among Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2016-2, Consumer, Servicer, Purchaser, Seller, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Indenture Trustee, which also contains rules usage that applicable herein.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original but all together will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this transmitted by facsimile transmission, electronic mail portable document format (.pdf), or any other means intended preserve graphic pictorial appearance a document, have effect as physical delivery paper bearing signature. The Grantee consents (a) receive documents related his her current future participation Plan, including Israeli Appendix Agreement, means, (b) use signatures indication(s) acceptance, (c) participate Plan and/or such through on-line system established maintained Company third party designated Company.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE A TRIAL JURY IN RESPECT OF LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT ATTORNEY OTHER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, SUCH WOULD NOT, EVENT LITIGATION, SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES PARTIES BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO AGREEMENT BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 5.09.
This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, Members Parent. Except as otherwise disclosed to Lender, there are no proceedings pending or, so far Guarantor knows, threatened before any court or administrative agency which, if decided adversely Guarantor, would materially affect the financial condition of authority enter into, validity enforceability of, this Guaranty.
The Company and the Subsidiaries have filed or caused to be all Federal material state, local foreign Tax returns which are required by them, paid Taxes been other than (i) any assessments validity of is being contested in good faith appropriate proceedings, with respect accounting reserves have, extent GAAP, set aside (ii) where such failure file pay could not reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
The parties recognize and agree that if for any reason of the provisions this Agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached, immediate irreparable harm injury would be caused which money damages an adequate remedy. Accordingly, each party agrees addition to other remedies shall entitled seek injunction without posting a bond undertaking restraining violation threatened Agreement. In event action brought equity enforce Agreement, no allege, hereby waives defense, there is remedy at law.
Each provision of this agreement is severable and distinct from, independent of, every other hereof. If one hereof declared void, the remaining provisions shall remain in effect. Any which prohibited or unenforceable any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective only extent prohibition unenforceability without invalidating affecting hereof, not invalidate render jurisdiction.
THIS INSTRUMENT AND THE RIGHTS OBLIGATIONS OF PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, LAW STATE NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTION 5-1401 5-1402 GENERAL YORK), WITHOUT REFERENCE TO CONFLICTS OR CHOICE PRINCIPLES THEREOF. This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the law of State New York without regard to any otherwise applicable principles conflicts (other than Sections 5-1401 5-1402 General Obligations Law).
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a three year period expiring on December 31, 2018; provided, however, that the automatically renew successive one-year terms unless Company have given Employee written notice at least six months before end term, or any renewal its intent not to Agreement. Notwithstanding preceding sentence, precluded from giving such twelve (12) following Change Control, as defined in Paragraph 2, above.
Each Issuer will maintain complete and accurate books records with respect to the Collateral, furnish Collateral Agent such reports relating as shall from time request. give prompt notice in writing of occurrence any Event Default other development, financial or otherwise, which might materially adversely affect Collateral. mark its reflect security interest under this Security Agreement.
All notices, requests, demands, and other communications (collectively, “Notices”) hereunder shall be in writing delivered to the parties hereto by (a) hand-delivery, (b) established express delivery service that maintains records, (c) certified or registered U.S. mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (d) facsimile electronic means with confirmation of follow up a method set forth subsections – at following addresses, such address as may designate pursuant this Section 10.1.
This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, Parties. Except as provided expressly herein or in a Joinder entered into compliance with terms hereof, no rights obligations of any Party under this may assigned transferred other person entity, purported assignment violation hereof null void ab initio .
No written report, financial statement, certificate or other information furnished by at the direction of any Loan Party to Administrative Agent Lender in connection with transactions contemplated hereby and negotiation this Agreement delivered hereunder under Document which, when taken as a whole, contained time delivery material misstatement fact omitted state necessary make statements therein, light circumstances which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, respect projections, estimates forward-looking information, Borrower REIT represent only that such was prepared good faith based upon assumptions believed be reasonable time.
For and during each calendar year within the Employment Term, Employee shall be entitled to paid vacation plus Company recognized holidays in accordance with Company’s policy, as may amended from time time. Anything in this Notice of Award to the contrary notwithstanding, upon a Change Control (as defined Plan) prior forfeiture Restricted Stock Units under paragraph 8, Participant's shall be fully vested and paid.
The Company shall pay the Executive an annual rate of base salary $275,000.00 in periodic installments accordance with Company’s customary payroll practices, but no less frequently than monthly. Executive’s may be increased from time to by Compensation Committee, not decreased without written consent. salary, as effect time, is hereinafter referred “ Base Salary ”.
The term of this Work Statement will commence upon the execution by both Parties (the " Effective Date ") and continue until earlier of: (a) date on which Services are completed; or (b) is otherwise terminated as provided in section 3 MSA. All federal, state, local, and foreign Tax Returns required to be filed by or on behalf of Seller have been with the appropriate governmental agency all jurisdictions in which such reports are Taxes that become due payable pursuant any assessment paid.
Upon Ex-Im Bank’s payment of a Claim to Lender in connection with the Loan Facility pursuant Master Guarantee Agreement, Bank may assume all rights and remedies under Documents enforce any such or against Borrower, Collateral Guarantors. Borrower shall hold harmless from indemnify them liabilities, damages, claims, costs losses incurred suffered by either resulting (a) materially incorrect certification statement knowingly made its agent Facility, this Authorization Agreement other (b) material breach terms conditions Documents. also acknowledges that statement, representation is subject penalties provided Article 18 U.S.C. Section 1001.
Mortgagor shall at all times comply with of the terms, conditions and provisions imposed on under Environmental Indemnity indemnify, exonerate save harmless Agent, each Lenders any other indemnified parties described in such environmental indemnity agreement. There is no action, suit, arbitration, investigation or proceeding pending against or, to the best of Buyer’s knowledge, threatened affecting any Purchased Asset before court arbitrator governmental body, agency official.
The provisions of this Initial Payment Note shall be construed according to the internal substantive laws State New York without regard conflict principles. If any provision is in with statute or rule law otherwise unenforceable for reason whatsoever, then such deemed restated so that it may enforced fullest extent permitted by law, and remainder remain full force effect.
Whenever used in this Plan document, the following capitalized terms shall have meaning set forth below (unless otherwise indicated by context), rather than any definition Savings Plan. All notices, requests, demands, or other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and deemed to duly given by Employee only if provided the Company’s Corporate Secretary, Company mail, email, mail nationally internationally recognized carrier at his address as shown records.
All Awards under the Plan shall be subject to applicable federal (including FICA), state, and local tax withholding requirements. The Company may require that Participant or other person receiving exercising pay amount of any federal, taxes is required withhold with respect such Awards, deduct from wages paid by due Awards. forfeiture Award for which does not timely taxes. If Board so permits, a elect have Shares withheld satisfy Company’s obligation in Shares, at time become employment withholding, as applicable, provided result adverse accounting consequences Company.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities (except any underwriters' discounts commissions of Holders' own professionals, if any; it being understood that not be obligated pay Holder's counsel). agrees use its best efforts cause filing required herein become effective promptly qualify register in such States as are reasonably requested by Holder; provided, however, no event a State which registration would (A) or license do business State, (B) subject material tax where is then so subject, (C) require file general consent service process jurisdiction, (D) principal stockholders escrow their shares capital stock Company.
Certain rights which are subject to this Agreement unique and of such a nature as be inherently difficult or impossible value monetarily. In the event breach by either Party, an action at law for damages other remedies would inadequate protect interests Parties. Accordingly, terms shall enforceable in court equity decree specific performance injunction. Such shall, however, cumulative not exclusive addition any remedy Parties may have.
The termination or expiration of this Agreement will not affect the rights obligations parties hereunder arising out of, relating to, circumstances occurring prior to Agreement, which and survive Agreement. In addition, following provisions shall Agreement: Sections 5 6 (as necessary for payments benefits due thereunder be paid provided), 7, 8, 9, 11 through 18, 20.
This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterpart copies and by the parties hereto on separate counterparts, but all such shall constitute one same instrument. Delivery an executed a signature page to this facsimile or pdf transmission effective as delivery manually counterpart. Any party executing promptly deliver counterpart, provided that failure do so not affect validity transmission.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of Issuer and SBA with respect to subject matter hereof supersedes all prior agreements undertakings, both written oral, between hereof. This Note shall be governed and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of State New York, without giving effect to any choice law or conflict provision rule (whether York other jurisdiction) that would cause application jurisdiction than York.
The 2016-3 Lease Agreement requires the Lessee thereunder to maintain (a) physical damage and liability insurance covering related Leased Vehicle, (b) against loss due fire, theft, transportation, collision other risks generally covered by comprehensive coverage. This Agreement may be executed electronically, and in any number of counterparts by different parties hereto separate counterparts, each which, when so executed, shall deemed to an original all taken together, constitute but one the same agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Closing Date and, subject to Section 12.8 , continue in full force and effect for so long as any Obligations remain outstanding or Bank has obligation make Credit Extensions under this Agreement. Notwithstanding foregoing, have right terminate its immediately without notice upon occurrence during continuance of an Event Default.
The corporate law of the State Delaware shall govern all issues and questions concerning relative rights Company its stockholders. All other construction, validity, interpretation enforceability this Agreement exhibits schedules hereto be governed by, construed in accordance with, laws Delaware, without giving effect to any choice or conflict rules provisions (whether jurisdiction) that would cause application jurisdiction than Delaware.
The Parties acknowledge that money damages are an inadequate remedy for breach of this Agreement because the difficulty ascertaining amount damage will be suffered by non-breaching Party in event is breached. Therefore, each agrees may obtain specific performance without necessity establishing irreparable harm or posting any bond, and addition to other which such entitled at law equity.
During the Term of Advisor’s Agreement, Advisor shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with most favorable plans, policies, programs and practices Company its subsidiaries as effect at any time hereafter respect other key Advisors subsidiaries; provided, however, that no event fewer than 25 business days per year, well pay for all holidays observed by Company.
Effective as of the Date, Company shall employ Executive for period and in position set forth this Section 1 , subject to other terms conditions herein provided. Unless otherwise defined in this Amendment, terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them Lease Agreement. This Agreement (including the Exhibits hereto) constitute full and entire understanding agreement between parties with respect to subject matter hereof, any other written or oral relating hereof existing is expressly canceled.
Each Party hereto shall be responsible for and bear all of its own costs expenses incurred in connection with the proposed Transaction. Each Eligible Employee is solely liable for any taxes due in regards to payments under this Plan, including but not limited to, federal, state, local, social security, foreign and excise Internal Revenue Code Section 409A if reason the Service determines that amounts payable Plan are subject provisions of 409A.
The Company shall pay the Executive an annual rate of base salary $360,000 which accrue commencing as Effective Date and be payable upon generating sufficient net revenue or obtaining third party financing; thereafter in periodic installments accordance with Company's customary payroll practices, but no less frequently than monthly. Executive's reviewed at least annually by Board may, not required to, increase during Employment Term. salary, effect from time to time, is hereinafter referred " Base Salary ".
To the extent any provision contained herein creates impermissible discretion under Section 162(m) of Code, such will be no force or effect. The provisions of this Article 9 shall survive Final Completion and the expiration term Agreement. Manager shall cooperate with Owner’s accountants, auditors and other representatives in regard to assist facilitating audits periodic inspections of the Books Records (as defined Section 6.1 ) all accounting documentation Owner relating Property, accountants preparation filing on behalf Federal, state, city any income tax returns required by governmental authority.
This Agreement and the Plan contain entire agreement understanding of parties hereto with respect to subject matter contained herein supersede all prior communications, representations negotiations in thereto; provided, that neither this nor shall any portion severance plan maintained by Company from time which Participant is eligible for benefits provides vesting or continued survival equity awards upon a severance-eligible termination employment more favorable than as set forth Plan. No change, modification waiver provision be valid unless same writing signed hereto, except changes permitted without consent under
Provided that Executive fulfills his obligations as set forth in this Agreement, the Company shall pay to Severance Benefits payable him accordance with applicable terms of Section 4 Agreement. Promptly after the execution of this Agreement, Company will issue a mutually agreeable press release substantially in form attached hereto as Schedule B .
The proceeds of the Loans made on Restatement Effective Date shall be applied by Borrower (a) to prepay in full all Existing Term and (b) pay fees expenses incurred connection with Transactions. No portion any Loan used manner that causes or might cause such application violate Regulation T, U X other regulation thereof Exchange Act.
The Borrower and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) are Solvent. This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this on any number separate counterparts (including telecopy email image), and all said taken together shall deemed constitute same instrument. To the extent applicable, such Commitment Party has requisite power and authority (corporate or otherwise) to enter into, execute deliver this Agreement each other Transaction which is a party perform its obligations hereunder thereunder taken all necessary action required for due authorization, execution, delivery performance by it of Agreements.
Sellers and Buyer acknowledge each to the other that both they their counsel have reviewed revised this Agreement normal rule of construction effect any ambiguities are be resolved against drafting party shall not employed in interpretation Agreement, Closing Document or amendments exhibits hereto thereto. This contract shall be construed under and governed in all respects by the laws of State Florida, without giving effect to such state’s conflicts principles.
THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVE ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ENFORCE DEFEND RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND DOCUMENT EXECUTED CONNECTION HEREWITH, INCLUDING COMPANY AGREEMENT. This Agreement is the entire agreement of parties with respect to subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior or understanding relating hereof. may not be superseded amended, supplemented otherwise modified except by a writing signed Director Company.
This Agreement together with the Indemnification (as described in Paragraph 5B above) and Release sets forth entire final agreement understanding of parties contains all agreements made between respect to subject matter hereof. supersedes any other agreements, either oral or writing, hereto, hereof and, event conflict this Compensation Letter, shall control. No change modification be valid unless writing signed by Company Executive. The agrees that Board Committee, as applicable, meet prior end applicable Term determine whether should extended amended at such time.
Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized, validly existing in good standing under the laws of jurisdiction organization, (b) has power authority, legal right, to own operate property, lease property it operates as lessee conduct business which currently engaged, (c) qualified a foreign entity each where ownership, or operation requires such qualification, except extent that failure be so any could not, aggregate, reasonably expected have Material Adverse Effect, (d) compliance with all Requirements Law, comply therewith would Effect.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to effective and valid under any Legal Requirements, but if prohibited by or invalid applicable law, ineffective the extent prohibition invalidity, without invalidating remainder remaining provisions Agreement. In the event Company or a Participant institutes litigation to enforce protect its rights under an Award Agreement Plan, party prevailing in any such shall be paid by non-prevailing party, addition all other relief, reasonable attorneys’ fees, out-of-pocket costs and disbursements of relating litigation.
When financing statements in the appropriate form are filed offices specified on Schedule 4.01 to Security Agreement, (i) Grant of Interest Patents, substantially Exhibit A and Trademarks, B is United States Patent Trademark Office, (ii) Copyrights, C Copyright then Agreement shall constitute a fully perfected Lien on, security interest in, all right, title grantors thereunder patents, trademarks, copyrights, licenses other intellectual property rights covered such agreements, each case prior superior right any Person (it being understood that subsequent recordings Office may be necessary perfect lien issued patent applications, registered trademark applications copyrights acquired by Loan Parties after Closing Date).
This Agreement and the other Credit Documents to which it is a party constitute legal, valid binding obligations of Company, in each case enforceable accordance with their respective terms, except as same may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally general principles equity. As of the date hereof, authorized capital stock Company consists of, 100,000,000 shares Common Stock, par value $.00001 per share, which 46,585,814 were issued and outstanding as June 23, 2016. All such have been, or upon issuance will be, validly are fully paid non-assessable.
For purposes of this Agreement, and except as otherwise provided herein, “expenses” include all out-of-pocket costs any type or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees related disbursements), actually reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with either investigation, defense appeal a proceeding establishing enforcing right to indemnification under Agreement Article 109 otherwise; provided, however, that shall not judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes penalties, amounts paid settlement proceeding.
If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, incapable being enforced by Law public policy, all terms provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic legal substance transactions contemplated hereby not affected manner materially adverse to Party (or Company Holders). Upon such determination that illegal enforced, Parties negotiate good faith modify original intent closely possible an acceptable order are consummated originally greatest extent possible.
Subject to the terms hereof, in event of a stock dividend, split, reverse extraordinary cash recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, exchange shares, sale assets or subsidiaries, combination, other corporate transaction that affects Common Stock such Committee determines, its sole discretion, an adjustment is warranted order preserve benefits prevent enlargement Awards under Plan, shall, manner it determines equitable adjust number and kind shares subject this award shall make any adjustments be equitable.
Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) elimination of applicable giving rise thereto (including by termination Defaulting Lender status Revolving Credit (or, as appropriate, its assignee compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi) )) (ii) determination Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer that there exists excess Collateral; , however, Person providing may agree not but instead held support future anticipated obligations.
Each Co-Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, comply with Anti-Corruption Laws, Sanctions, anti-terrorism laws anti-money laundering laws. Furthermore, maintain in effect enforce policies procedures, if any, as it reasonably deems appropriate, light of its business international activities (if any), designed to ensure compliance by Co-Borrower, Subsidiaries their respective directors, officers, employees agents
This Agreement shall in all respects, including matters of construction, validity and performance, be governed by, construed enforced accordance with, the laws State New York, without regard to any rules governing conflicts laws. (a) Unless previously terminated, the Revolving Commitments shall terminate on Maturity Date. Term B Commitment making of Loans Funding
Subject to any applicable limitation in Security Documents, upon request of the Administrative Agent, at expense Borrower, promptly execute and deliver all further instruments documents take such other action as Agent may deem necessary or desirable obtaining full benefits of, (as applicable) perfecting preserving Liens including filing financing statements advisable opinion perfect security interests created under Documents.
Subject to Section 6.7(b), nothing contained herein shall prohibit or in any way limit the First Lien Administrative Agent other Claimholder from objecting Insolvency Liquidation Proceeding otherwise action taken by Second Collateral Trustee of Claimholders, including seeking adequate protection asserting its rights and remedies under Documents otherwise. The Committee shall have full power and authority, subject to the express provisions hereof, construe interpret IMAX LTIP any Award Document delivered under LTIP.
EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR NEW YORK STATE COURT SITTING IN YORK, ACTION PROCEEDING ARISING OUT RELATING DOCUMENT EXECUTED BY SUCH PERSON PURSUANT AGREEMENT, AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS RESPECT MAY BE HEARD DETERMINED WAIVES OBJECTION IT NOW HEREAFTER HAVE AS VENUE SUIT, BROUGHT A IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL LIMIT RIGHT AGENT LENDER BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST LOAN COURTS OTHER JURISDICTION. JUDICIAL AFFILIATE INVOLVING, DIRECTLY INDIRECTLY, MATTER WAY OF, RELATED TO, CONNECTED WITH ONLY YORK.
In the event of any described in Section 3 (h) Plan occurring after Date Grant, adjustment provisions as provided for under shall apply to Restricted Stock , both with respect amount Shares and Price Goal set forth 2 this Agreement . Regardless of whether the Transactions are consummated, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each Party shall be responsible for, and bear, its own costs expenses (including any broker’s or finder’s fees) incurred connection with Agreement Transactions.
This Agreement, the Offer Letter dated October 23, 2016, At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Executive’s written equity compensation agreements with Company constitute entire agreement of parties hereto supersede in their entirety all prior representations, understandings, undertakings or (whether oral whether expressed implied) respect to subject matter hereof.
This 2016-A SUBI Supplement shall be created under and governed by construed the internal laws of State Delaware, without reference to its conflicts law provisions, obligations, rights remedies parties hereunder determined in accordance with such laws. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original and all taken together but a single instrument. Facsimile transmissions any signed document, or transmission facsimile constitute delivery original. At the request parties, parties confirm signatures by signing delivering document.
On the terms and subject to conditions of this Agreement, Seller shall sell, convey, transfer, assign deliver Buyer, Buyer purchase accept from on Closing Date, any all right, title interest in Purchased Assets. This contract will be governed by and construed the laws of State Nevada, United States America applicable therein any court competent jurisdiction in shall have to adjudicate matter arising out this Agreement.
Executive is authorized to incur reasonable expenses on behalf of Hudson in performing his duties, including for general administration Hudson's office, travel, transportation, entertainment, gifts and similar items, which shall be paid, or reimbursed Executive, by Hudson, provided that the furnishes appropriate supporting documentation such expenses. In addition will reimburse all professional fees organizations continued education reasonably incurred related performance duties.
This Lease contains the entire agreement between Parties respecting Premises and all other matters covered or mentioned in this Lease. may not be altered, changed amended except by an instrument writing specifically designated as amendment to signed both hereto. Lessee acknowledges agrees that no prior information provided statements made Lessor Lessor's agents ("Prior Information") have any way induced enter into Lease, has satisfied itself of its concerns entering conducting independent investigation validity such Prior Information.
(a) Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of Supreme Court State New York sitting in County United States District Southern York, any appellate court from thereof, action or proceeding arising out relating this Guarantee, recognition enforcement judgment, each agrees that all claims respect such shall be heard determined or, extent permitted by law, Federal court. a final judgment conclusive may enforced other jurisdictions suit on manner provided law.
Schedule 3.22 sets forth complete and accurate list of all policies or binders insurance (showing as to each policy binder the carrier, number, coverage limits, expiration dates, annual premiums, a general description type provided any pending claims thereunder) which either Seller is owner, insured beneficiary. Sellers are not in material default under such binders, nor has failed give notice present claim due timely fashion. Except set on , there no outstanding unpaid binders. Such full force effect. No aggregates, limits maximums affecting available have been reached exceeded years.
Borrower agrees to pay on demand (i) all reasonable and documented costs expenses of Agent (including the fees outside counsel for Agent) in connection with preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery administration this Amendment other instruments or documents provided herein delivered be hereunder herewith, (ii) Silicon Valley Bank, as a Lender, their review Amendment. All obligations Section 8(a) shall survive any termination Credit Agreement amended hereby.
To the best of its knowledge, PSPC has complied with all applicable statutes and regulations, except to extent that noncompliance would not materially adversely affect business, operations, properties, assets, or condition result in occurrence any material liability for PSPC. This compliance includes, but is limited to, filing reports date relevant authorities.
This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon inure to benefit enforceable by, Parties their respective successors permitted assigns. Prior Closing, neither Buyer nor Seller may assign or delegate any interest in this third party without prior written consent other Party, which such withheld Party’s sole discretion. Any assignment not effective unless assignee agrees writing bound by terms conditions Agreement. Following Closing Date, its rights under Agreement, including Repurchase Option. During Term, convey Property party, attempted conveyance void. end a connection with sale that party.
Except as provided under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, each Obligor hereby waives and all notice of incurrence Senior Debt part thereof right to require marshaling assets. Immediately when all conditions set forth in Section II.C have been fully satisfied, Company will issue and sell to Investor purchase the Debenture by payment of $500,000.00 cash, wire transfer immediately available funds an account designated Company.
This Second Amendment and the other Loan Documents executed in connection herewith, unless expressly set forth therein, shall be governed by, construed enforced accordance with, law of State Illinois, without reference to conflicts or choice principles thereof. Upon the effective date of any termination this Agreement, PEAK6 shall immediately cease performing Services under Agreement. Sections 6 through 15 Agreement survive expiration or Neither party be liable to other for damages kind solely as a result rightfully terminating in accordance with its terms.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Stock Agreement, Participant hereby agrees that if his or her employment with First Financial a Subsidiary is terminated for reason, voluntarily involuntarily (other than due to retirement, death, disability), whether by resignation dismissal cause otherwise, during the Performance Period, Award shall be forfeited and all related rights respect shares are subject automatically as date such termination employment, will become sole owner date.
Each party to this Agreement agrees pay its own fees and expenses arising in connection with the negotiation execution of consummation transactions contemplated Agreement. If any action, suit, or other proceeding is instituted concerning out transaction under Agreement, prevailing shall recover all such party’s costs attorneys’ incurred each proceeding, including appeals petitions from suit proceeding.
All proceeds of each Loan, and Letter Credit, will be used by the Borrower only in accordance with provisions Section 8.8 . No part any Loan to purchase or carry Margin Stock extend credit others for purpose purchasing carrying Stock. Neither making nor use thereof violate inconsistent Regulations U X.
In the event that any one or more of provisions this Agreement shall be held to invalid, illegal unenforceable, validity, legality and enforceability remaining not in way affected impaired thereby. Moreover, if contained excessively broad as duration, activity subject, such construed by limiting reducing them so enforceable maximum extent allowed applicable law. Furthermore, a determination jurisdiction Agreement, whole part, is unenforceable affect impair other jurisdiction.
Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or mailed U.S. registered certified mail, return receipt requested postage prepaid. In the case of Executive, notices addressed him at home address which he most recently communicated Company writing. Company, its corporate headquarters, directed attention Secretary.
On the Closing Date (after giving effect to Transactions) immediately following making of Loans and after application proceeds such Loans, Holdings, Borrower Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will be Solvent. Each party’s obligations under this Section 3.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Administrative Agent any assignment rights by, of, a Lender, termination Revolving Commitments and repayment, satisfaction discharge all Loan Document.
Except as provided in Article 11 or may be an Award Agreement, Performance Awards will distributed only after the end of relevant Period. paid cash, Shares, other property, any combination thereof, sole discretion Committee. a lump sum installments following close Period or, accordance with procedures established by Committee, on deferred basis subject to requirements Section 409A Code.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, and all together constitute one the same instrument. become binding when or more counterparts hereof, individually taken together, bear signatures parties reflected hereon as signatories. Signatures given by facsimile other electronic transmission, such fully on party sending same.
Holdings shall not, and not permit the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor to, directly indirectly, create, incur, assume suffer to exist Lien (except Permitted Liens) that secures Obligations under Indebtedness related guarantee of Holdings, (any such Lien, “ Initial ”) on asset property Guarantor, income profits therefrom, assign convey right receive except, in case does constitute Collateral (including assets previously constituted have been released from Liens securing Loans Guarantees), be permitted notwithstanding it is a if, subject Agreed Security Principles, are equally ratably secured with (or senior basis Subordinated Indebtedness) obligations by until time as no longer an property.
Any issuance of shares Stock to the Participant shall be subject tax withholding by method or methods set forth in Award Notice. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, Company Executive, their respective heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, successors assigns. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO, IN CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING HEREAFTER ARISING, AND SOUNDING CONTRACT TORT OTHERWISE.
Except as set forth herein, the Management Agreement is terminated and neither party under this will have any further obligation to other or Option Agreement, than Sections 6, 7 11 of which sections survive Termination Effective Date. Guarantor hereby waives trial by jury in any action brought on or with respect to this Guaranty the Lease.
No failure on the part of any Lender or Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by such Person in exercising, right, remedy, power privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor single partial exercise right preclude other further thereof privilege. The rights, remedies, powers privileges herein provided this Agreement are cumulative not exclusive law.
The Borrower shall maintain, or cause its ERISA Affiliates to each Plan in compliance all material respects with applicable requirements of and the Tax Code. This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in effect until December 31, 2015 (the “Term”), unless earlier terminated under this ARTICLE 4.
The Executive and the Company shall enter into an indemnification agreement providing for of to fullest extent permitted by Maryland law. There shall not have been instituted or threatened, from December 31, 2015 through the Closing Date, as reasonably determined by Administrative Agent, any litigation proceeding in court administrative forum to which Borrower is, is threatened be, a party has, likely result in, Material Adverse Change.
Without the prior written consent of Lender, to be exercised in Lender’s sole and absolute discretion, other than Permitted Exceptions, Borrower shall not create, place or allow remain any Liens Encumbrances on Property. If are recorded against Property part Property, obtain a discharge release within fifteen (15) days after receipt notice their existence. The foregoing notwithstanding, permitted enter into typical utility easements with applicable providers as long such do interfere use operation otherwise subject reasonable approval.
The Board may grant Awards entitling recipients to acquire shares of Common Stock (“Restricted Stock”), subject the right Company repurchase all or part such at their issue price other stated formula (or require forfeiture if issued no cost) from recipient in event that conditions specified by applicable Award are not satisfied prior end restriction period periods established for Award. also receive cash be delivered time vests Units”) (Restricted and Restricted Units each referred herein as a “Restricted Award”).
The Company will pay all expenses associated with effecting the registration of Registrable Securities, including filing and printing fees, Company’s counsel accounting fees expenses, costs clearing Securities for sale under applicable state securities laws, listing reasonable one to Investors, but excluding discounts, commissions, underwriters, selling brokers, dealer managers or similar industry professionals respect being sold.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which shall considered one and the same instrument become effective when counterparts have been signed by each parties delivered to other parties. signatures facsimile email, a copy hereof that is party email (including .pdf format) will binding upon extent as containing party’s original signature.
The provisions of Article XII shall survive the Closing. Guarantor hereby guarantees that payments hereunder will be paid to Chase without deduction, abatement, recoupment, reduction, setoff or counterclaim in U.S. Dollars accordance with the wiring instructions of Chase. (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF STATE NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CHOICE LAW RULES (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW) EXTENT APPLICATION ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD REQUIRED THEREBY.
The provisions of this Lease should be interpreted to avoid internal inconsistencies, conflicting results, or invalidity. If any provision Lease, its application, is invalid under law applicable demise, such severable, at either LANDLORD TENANT’S option. This otherwise will place and TENANT in the same financial position would have occupied had each their obligations been fully performed for full term demise.
Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, payment of amount or Severance Benefits pursuant subsections (d) and (e) this Section 8 shall be conditioned upon Employee’s execution non-revocation (if such right exists) Release Claims, within timeframe specified, which in no event more than 60 days following date termination employment hereunder. Further, extent that constitutes “nonqualified deferred compensation” for purposes 409A Code, benefit otherwise scheduled occur prior designated Claims hereunder, but condition on executing as set forth herein, not made until first regularly payroll timeframe, after remaining thereafter provided Employee according applicable schedule herein.
It is the express intention and agreement of parties hereto that provisions Sections 7(e), 8, 9, 10 11 hereof shall survive termination employment Executive. In addition, all obligations Company to make payments hereunder any this Agreement on terms conditions set forth. The consummation of the transactions contemplated herein (the “Closing”) shall take place remotely via electronic exchange documents and signatures payment Purchase Price, at 10:00 a.m., Eastern U.S. Time, on or before ________, 2016 “Closing Date”), provided that conditions to Closing set forth have been satisfied waived.
Each Lender hereby represents and warrants to the Borrowers that on as of Closing Date (or date it becomes a hereunder) (i) is “qualified purchaser” (within meaning Investment Company Act 1940, amended, rules regulations thereunder) institutional buyer” Rule 144A under Securities Act). This Purchase Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts including by facsimile electronic transmission, each of which shall deemed to an original but all together constitute one and the same instrument.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and with respect to Subscriber, by execution an Omnibus Signature Page this the Subscription Agreement, each which shall enforceable against parties actually executing such all together constitute one instrument. In event that signature is delivered facsimile transmission or e- mail, contains a portable document format (.pdf) file page, create valid binding obligation party (or on whose behalf executed) same force effect as if page were original thereof.
This Warrant may be signed in counterparts, each and every one of which shall deemed an original, notwithstanding variations format or file designation result from the electronic transmission, storage printing copies this separate computers printers. Signatures transmitted via .pdf treated as original signatures. Within one Business Day after Seller receives any notice of lien or against the Property in connection with Flood Plain Improvements, shall give written notice, together a copy, to Purchaser. bond off otherwise discharge filed within 45 days receiving lien.
The Company shall not, and use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that no Affiliate of the shall, sell, offer for sale or solicit offers buy otherwise negotiate in respect any security (as defined Section 2 Securities Act) would be integrated with a manner require registration under Act Purchaser, purposes rules regulations Trading Market.
Each Borrower Party owns, or is licensed to use, all Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted. No material claim has been asserted and pending by any Person against challenging questioning Party’s use validity effectiveness used Party, nor does Knowledge valid basis such claim. The each not infringe on rights in a manner that would reasonably be expected result Material Adverse Effect.
Seller is a Delaware limited liability company, duly formed and validly existing under the laws of State in good standing Georgia. No notice to, filing with, or Permit, consent approval of any Person (including which provides financing to Parent, Purchaser its Affiliates) is necessary for the execution, delivery performance this Agreement consummation transactions contemplated hereby by and Parent.
Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result a Material Adverse Effect, each Group Member owns, has license other valid and enforceable rights use all Intellectual Property necessary for conduct of its business currently conducted. no claim been asserted is pending by any Person challenging questioning validity effectiveness Property, nor does Parent Borrower know basis such claim. The infringe on material respect.
Company agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Seller Buyer their respective members, managers, officers, employees, affiliates representatives, from against each claim, loss, liability, cost expense (including without limitation, interest, penalties, costs of preparation investigation, the reasonable fees, disbursements expenses attorneys, accountants other professional advisors), directly or indirectly relating to, resulting arising out any untrue representation, misrepresentation, breach warranty non-fulfillment covenant, agreement obligation by pursuant this Agreement. All representations, warranties, covenants, obligations in Agreement certificate document delivered will survive until expiration applicable statutes limitation.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, Licensee may not assign or delegate either this Agreement any of its rights, interests, obligations hereunder without the prior written approval Licensor. Subject to foregoing, shall be binding upon and inure benefit Parties hereto their respective successors permitted assigns. It is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of jurisdiction its organization, has all requisite power authority, corporate or otherwise, to execute, deliver perform this Agreement.
Other than the Renewal Rent, terms and conditions of Lease, as amended by this Amendment, during Term shall be on same terms, covenants provided for in Extended Term, except that Tenant have no additional options to extend or renew beyond not entitled any moving allowance, rent abatement other rental concessions granted initial tenant improvement allowance extent a refurbishment is component Fair Market Rental Rate described above, Work Letter apply. If Rate, Tenant’s comply with Section 10.3 Lease Landlord obligated, subject last sentence 10(d), disburse such accordance Landlord’s commercially reasonable disbursement procedures completes work.
Staples hereby agrees from time to time, as and when requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender execute deliver cause be executed delivered, all such documents, instruments agreements take taken further other action may reasonably deem necessary in order carry out intent purposes of this Borrower Assumption Agreement Loan Documents.
All notices required for any arbitration proceeding shall be deemed properly given if in accordance with Section 26. Schedule 3.12 sets forth the name of, and ownership interest of Borrower each Subsidiary in, as Effective Date. Borrower has no Subsidiaries and owns stock in corporation or banking association other than the Bank, TRuPS Subsidiary, listed Exhibit B .
Except as set forth on Schedule 5.5 , there is no Proceeding (filed by any Person other than Buyer or of its Affiliates) pending or, to Seller’s Knowledge, threatened against Seller before Governmental Authority that would reasonably be expected result in a material adverse effect ability consummate the transactions contemplated this Agreement Transactions which seeks an Order restraining, enjoining otherwise prohibiting making illegal hereby.
This Seventh Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto in any number separate counterparts, and all such counterparts taken together shall deemed to constitute same instrument. Delivery this facsimile email transmission effective as delivery a manually counterpart hereof. Except as herein otherwise expressly provided, this Lease shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of parties hereto their respective successors, sublessees assigns. Nothing in Section 19.10 construed waive conditions elsewhere contained applicable assignment or subletting Premises by Lessee.
In the event that either party becomes aware of need for any alteration, repair or replacement included in other party’s maintenance obligations, it shall give written notice thereof, specifying reasonable detail alterations, repairs and/or replacements. Each covenants and agrees to make diligently pursue completion all such replacements following notice. If fails necessary replacements, non-defaulting be permitted bill defaulting costs same. an emergency, attempt provide with prompt notice, but alterations same, together interest thereon at a rate equal one percent (1%) plus New York prime base (whichever is higher), as quoted The Wall Street Journal .
Each Party irrevocably acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement is not shall be deemed to a solicitation for consents the Plan. The acceptance of Plan by each Restructuring Support Parties will solicited until such have received Disclosure Statement related ballots in accordance with applicable law, subject sections 1125, 1126 1127 Bankruptcy Code.
All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be given in the manner prescribed Section 9.01 of Credit Agreement with respect Agent at its notice address therein and, Guarantor, care Borrower set forth Agreement, or such telecopy number as may hereafter specify for purpose by accordance provisions .
As contemplated by Paragraph 9(d)(ii)(g) of the PD Employment Agreement, and subject to Dauman’s execution non-revocation First Dauman Release, Viacom shall continue provide with no less than $5,000,000 in life insurance or such lesser amount determined accordance terms set forth Paragraph. MBC shall promptly give the Secured Party copies of all notices and other communications received by with respect to any Collateral registered in name MBC.
Without limiting Executive’s obligations under Section 9(e) above, Executive agrees to execute any proper oath or verify document required carry out the terms of this Agreement. represents and warrants that performance all Agreement will not breach agreement keep in confidence information acquired by trust prior employment Company. hereby has entered into, enter oral written conflict herewith.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower Administrative Agent, sell participations to Person (other than a natural Person, holding company, investment vehicle trust for, owned and operated for primary benefit of Defaulting Borrower’s Affiliates Subsidiaries) (each, “ Participant ”) in all portion such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitment Loans L/C Obligations) owing it); provided that (i) shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto performance (iii) Borrower, Issuer Lenders continue deal directly with connection Agreement. For avoidance doubt, each be indemnity Section 11.04(c) regard existence participations.
Franchisor and Franchisee agrees that this Third Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall considered an original, all which, when taken together, will constitute one the same Amendment. further agree facsimile or scanned copies have force effect as fully binding on Franchisee. Regardless of whether the transactions contemplated by this Agreement close, each party shall bear its own costs and expenses incurred in connection with hereby.
In general terms, under current U.S. and Norwegian tax laws, it appears that the value of Units is not considered taxable income to Grantee until restrictions lapse settlement in ConocoPhillips Common Stock made. This Agreement (including the documents and instruments referred to herein) constitutes entire agreement supersedes all other prior agreements understandings, both written oral, among parties, or any of them, with respect subject matter hereof.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to valid under Applicable Law. If any is found invalid Law, it ineffective only the extent invalidity and remaining provisions remain full force effect. Company has no Subsidiary and does not own, control, or have any right to acquire, directly indirectly, capital stock of, other equity interest in, Person. Except as expressly contemplated in the Transaction Agreements, is a participant joint venture, partnership, similar arrangement.
All matters between the parties, including without limitation questions concerning construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of Transaction Documents will be governed by construed enforced in accordance with laws Cayman Islands, regard to principles conflicts law that would require or permit application any other jurisdiction, except for corporation applicable Company which corporate its jurisdiction formation. The parties hereby waive all rights a trial jury. In action, arbitration proceeding, appeal, arising out relating otherwise involving prevailing party awarded it s reasonable attorneys’ fees costs expenses reasonably incurred connection investigation, preparation, prosecution defense such action proceeding.
The obligation of the Company to issue Notes at Closing may be terminated any time prior by mutual written consent Parties. No failure by the Lender to exercise, and no delay any such Person in exercising, right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor single partial exercise of preclude other further privilege. The rights, remedies, powers privileges herein provided are cumulative not exclusive law.
Except to the extent otherwise provided in Term Loan Agreement, no Guarantor shall have right assign or transfer its rights and obligations hereunder under any other Documents without prior written consent of Required Lenders. Each Lender may, notice by Guarantor, sell, assign, grant participations all portion such Lender’s connection with sale, assignment, a participation accordance Section 10.06 Agreement thereunder Documents. In event participation, participant (A) be deemed setoff 15 respect same as if it were “Guaranteed Party;” (B) also entitled benefits 14 .
Except as stated in Section 5.4 , this Agreement may not be assigned by the Asset Representations Reviewer without consent of Issuer and Master Servicer. Any notice, request, instruction, or other document to be given hereunder by any Party the will in writing and delivered accordance with Section 9.1 of Asset Purchase Agreement.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have the same meanings as specified Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as below). The Issuer will use the proceeds of this Note for purpose payment transaction costs, including those its accountants and legal counsel, incurred in connection with potential Merger transaction, as well up to $800,000 settlement BMR-Pacific Research Center LP pending litigation.
Global 2 has all corporate power and authority to execute deliver this Agreement, perform its obligations hereunder consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution delivery of Agreement by consummation hereby have been duly authorized necessary action no other proceedings on part are authorize or 1 approved behalf stockholder approvals required is competent Agreement. No any Shareholder
The execution, delivery and performance by the Holder of this Agreement has been duly authorized all requisite entity action. This constitutes legal, valid binding obligation Holder, enforceable against in accordance with its terms, subject, as to enforcement remedies, bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting rights remedies creditors generally effect general principles equity.
This Agreement and Executive’s employment shall terminate on December 31, 2016, unless terminated by the Company or Executive prior to such date in accordance with terms hereof. Use the proceeds of Credit Extensions (i) to refinance all outstanding Indebtedness under Existing Agreement, (ii) for working capital, (iii) capital expenditures, and general corporate purposes not in contravention any Law or Loan Document, including, without limitation, financing permitted acquisitions.
The Arranger and the Lenders shall have received financial statements described in Section 3.04(a) Projections. This Supplemental Separation Agreement, the Equity Award Documents, Retirement and Confidentiality constitute entire agreement understanding between Parties concerning subject matter of this Agreement all prior contemporaneous representations, understandings, agreements (other than Agreement) have been superseded by terms Agreement.
All of Borrower's covenants and agreements hereunder shall run with the land, until such time as Obligations have been repaid in full. The option shall vest and become exercisable as provided in the Grant Notice except that no additional shares after date of termination Optionee’s employment or consultancy with Company, regardless reason for such termination.
After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, each Party (a) will be solvent (in that both fair value of its assets not less than sum liabilities and present saleable amount required pay probable as they become absolute matured); (b) have adequate capital with which engage in business; (c) incurred plan incur beyond ability matured.
The Company shall maintain, and cause each Specified Subsidiary to with financially sound reputable independent insurers (except the extent that any insurance company insuring properties of ceases be after Effective Date, in which case, promptly replace such a company), respect its business against loss or damage kinds customarily insured by Persons engaged same similar business, types amounts as are carried under circumstances other Persons; provided Subsidiaries may self-insure risks customary industry Subsidiaries.
There are no Actions pending or, to Buyer’s knowledge, threatened against Buyer that would reasonably be expected prohibit or restrain the ability of enter into this Agreement consummate Transactions. is not subject any Order except extent same EACH BORROWER, THE AGENT, ISSUING BANK AND LENDER HEREBY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING TORT, CONTRACT OTHERWISE) WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, CONNECTED WITH LOAN DOCUMENT RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED THEREUNDER.
Borrower shall make, and cause each Subsidiary to timely payment of all applicable material federal, state (including but not limited sales tax), local taxes or assessments (other than which is contesting in good faith, with adequate reserves maintained accordance GAAP) will deliver Lender, on demand, appropriate certificates attesting such payments resolution.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall deemed to an original and all together one the same instrument. The Optionee’s electronic signature this have validity effect as a affixed by hand. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon respective successors permitted assigns parties. No party may assign any its duties or obligations hereunder without prior written consent other Any such assignment shall null void ab initio .
This Agreement, including the exhibits, documents and instruments referred to herein or therein, constitutes entire agreement among parties with respect subject matter. Schedule 3.21 sets forth a true, complete and correct description of all material insurance maintained by or on behalf Parent, the Borrower Parties other Subsidiaries as Closing Date. As such date, is in full force effect.
If any provision of this Agreement is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid unenforceable a court competent jurisdiction, the that would prohibited, shall deemed amended apply broadest extent it valid and enforceable, invalidity unenforceability such not affect validity remaining provisions so long as modified continues express, without material change, original intentions parties subject matter hereof nature, provision(s) in question does substantially impair respective expectations reciprocal obligations practical realization benefits conferred upon parties. The will endeavor good faith negotiations replace with provision(s), effect which comes close possible provision(s).
This Agreement is for the benefit of Purchaser and Seller, except as provided in indemnities granted by this Purchase Documents (as defined Section 19 ) with respect to Indemnified Parties listed therein, no other person or entity will be entitled rely on Agreement, receive any from it enforce provisions against Seller.
Any controversy or claim arising out of relating to this Agreement shall be resolved by binding confidential arbitration a single arbitrator who is licensed practice law in state the United States, held Boston, Massachusetts, accordance with Employee Dispute Resolution Rules American Arbitration Association (or its successor rules). The have discretionary authority award attorneys’ and arbitrator’s reasonable fees expenses costs prevailing party. Judgment upon rendered may entered any court having jurisdiction thereof. decision writing include findings fact statement on which based.
This Agreement may be executed simul-taneously in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute and the same instrument. The Parties agree that facsimile signatures this a valid binding execution Agreement. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO A CONTRACT MADE UNDER THE LAWS OF STATE ILLINOIS AND FOR ALL PURPOSES GOVERNED BY INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH ILLINOIS.
The Company and each Subsidiary has timely filed or caused to be all Tax returns reports required have been paid Taxes by it, except (a) any that are being contested in good faith appropriate proceedings for which the such Subsidiary, as applicable, set aside on its books adequate reserves (b) extent failure do so could not reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company and the Engine Group shall be responsible for their own fees expenses in connection with this Agreement all matters relating hereto; provided , however that Company, promptly following its receipt from after date of a reasonably detailed invoice evidencing Group’s reasonable, documented out-of-pocket (including legal expenses) incurred seeking Board representation at 2016 Annual Meeting negotiation execution Agreement, reimburse amounts so such reimbursement not exceed $50,000 aggregate.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each which when so delivered shall an original, but all together constitute one same instrument. A set lodged with Obligors’ Agent Administrative Agent. Delivery counterpart hereof facsimile or electronic transmission as effective delivery original hereof.
Each party represents to the other that it has full power and authority execute this Amendment. Tenant not made any assignment, sublease, transfer, or conveyance of Lease interest therein in Reduction Space than those explicitly recited herein further there is will hereafter be claim, demand, obligation, liability, action cause by respecting, relating arising out Space, agrees indemnify hold harmless Landlord Related Parties (as defined “Miscellaneous” Section below) from all liabilities, expenses, claims, demands, judgments, damages costs same, including without limitation, attorneys' fees. acknowledges relying on Amendment entering into leases for with parties.
None of (a) the Borrowers, any Subsidiary or, to knowledge Borrower or such Subsidiary, their respective directors, officers employees, (b) Borrower, agent that will act in capacity connection with benefit from credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. The headings set forth in this Amendment are and shall be without substantive meaning or content of any kind whatsoever not a part the agreement between parties hereto.
Consultant will make fully available to Company all information relating the Services performed under this Project Agreement and shall provide with such oral or written reports thereon as may reasonably request from time time. All documents materials of any kind in whatever form stored, whether written, electronic, optical, magnetic, photographic, audio, audiovisual, digital other form, prepared by performing proprietary rights therein be exclusive property Company, same turned over immediately upon expiration termination without Consultant’s retention copies thereof.
The Executive Officer understands and agrees that the employment relationship creates a of confidence trust between Bank with respect to all Confidential Information. At times, during Officer’s after its termination, will keep in such Information not use or disclose any without written consent Bank’s CEO except as may be necessary ordinary course performing duties Bank.
(a) On and as of the Second Restatement Effective Date, Obligors, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. No transfer property is being made by any Obligor no obligation incurred in connection with transactions contemplated this Agreement or other Credit Documents intent to hinder, delay, defraud either present future creditors Obligor.
This Agreement shall be construed as a whole, in accordance with its fair meaning, and without regard to or taking into account any presumption other rule of law requiring construction against the party preparing this Agreement. The Borrowers shall jointly and severally pay the reasonable out-of-pocket legal fees expenses incurred by Lenders in connection with preparation closing of this Modification any other documents referred to herein consummation transactions or therein.
The Parties agree that money damages would be an insufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement by Party and each non-breaching shall entitled to specific performance injunctive or other equitable relief, including attorneys’ fees costs, as a such breach, order the Bankruptcy Court court competent jurisdiction requiring comply promptly with its obligations hereunder, agrees waive requirement securing posting bond in connection remedy, sole which will entitled, at law equity. relief their only against applicable respect no event liable monetary (including consequential, special, indirect punitive lost profits) than costs.
The transfer of the Mortgage Loans subject to Underlying Repurchase Documents is not undertaken with intent hinder, delay or defraud any Counterparty’s creditors. Counterparty insolvent within meaning 11 U.S.C. Section 101(32) and pledge pursuant (i) will cause become insolvent, (ii) result in property remaining be unreasonably small capital, (iii) debts that would beyond ability pay as same mature. receives reasonably equivalent value exchange for accordance Documents.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4 hereof, the term of Executive’s employment under this Agreement shall be one-year period commencing on Effective Date and ending first anniversary (the “Term” each such year, a “Term Year”). In addition, unless either party hereto provides notice its desire not to renew thirty (30) days prior expiration Term, automatically for additional one (1) year periods upon initial Term (or any subsequent Term), thereafter being made part Year, provided, however, that ends following third (3rd) occurrence Change Control.
In exchange for Employee’s satisfactory performance of her duties and responsibilities, Employee initially shall be paid a semi-monthly Base Salary $28,731.25 ($689,550.00 on an annualized basis), payable in accordance with the regular payroll practices Company. All payments this Agreement are gross, pre-tax basis subject to all applicable federal, state local withholding, other taxes.
No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder's other fee commission in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby based upon arrangements made by on behalf of Companies. Any provision of this Agreement or the Notes which is prohibited unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such and jurisdiction, be ineffective extent prohibition unenforceability without invalidating remaining provisions Loan Document affecting validity enforceability other jurisdiction.
The Company hereby employs the Executive, and Executive agrees to serve, as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Operating (COO) of Company, upon terms conditions contained herein. shall have all responsibilities powers normally associated with such office in a company size nature Company. perform other duties services for commensurate Executive’s position may be reasonably designated from time by CEO serve faithfully best ability under direction CEO. will devote substantially her working performance this Agreement. disclose writing board commitment interest that impede on employment. Any outside including position, charitable organizations or items consuming normal employment need approved
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (i) is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing in good standing under the laws jurisdiction incorporation; (ii) has all necessary powers, licenses, authorizations, consents approvals required to carry on business as now conducted own lease properties; (iii) qualified do foreign corporation, standing, every which or properties require such qualification, except, case clause (iii), extent that failure have be so could not reasonably expected have, individually aggregate, Material Adverse Effect.
All notices, demands or requests required permitted under this Agreement must be in writing, and shall made by hand delivery, certified mail, overnight courier service, electronic mail facsimile to the address, address number set forth signature pages hereto, but any party may designate a different notice similarly given Company other Members. Any such communication deemed when delivered hand, if on Business Day, next Day after delivery day that is not Day; four (4) Days being deposited United States postage prepaid, return receipt requested, mailed; for with Federal Express similar courier; acknowledged, whether confirmation sent following which acknowledged Day.
This Third Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of State Illinois, without regard to principles thereof relating conflict laws. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original but all together will constitute and the same instrument. Delivery counterpart a signature page to this by facsimile, .pdf other electronic means effective as delivery manually Amendment.
As of the Closing Date, Schedule 3.15 sets forth name and jurisdiction incorporation each Subsidiary with assets $25,000,000 or more and, as to such Subsidiary, percentage class Capital Stock owned by any Loan Party. KGE has no outstanding rights, warrants, options convertible exchangeable securities entitling holders thereof, conditionally unconditionally, purchase, subscribe for otherwise receive shares capital stock KGE.
Each of the parties hereto submits to jurisdiction any state or federal court sitting in New York, action proceeding arising out relating this Agreement and agrees that all claims respect may be heard determined such hereby expressly personal venue for purposes hereof waives claim improper courts are an inconvenient forum. irrevocably consent service process aforementioned suit, by mailing copies thereof registered certified mail, postage prepaid, its address set forth herein.
Interest on the balances of Members’ capital related to GP-Related Member Interests (excluding invested in Investments and, if deemed appropriate by Managing Member, any other investment Company) shall be credited Capital Accounts at end each accounting period pursuant Section 5.2, or time as determined rates from time, and charged an expense Company.
Subject to the provisions of Article VI below, sell, transfer or pledge JV Member’s interests in Company any Subsidiary. This Side Letter Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto separate counterparts, with the same effect as if all had signed document. All such will deemed an original, construed together constitute one instrument.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding on, successors assigns of each parties, including, but not limited to, Executive’s heirs, guardian in event disability, personal representatives estate any successor all or substantially business and/or assets Company. Agreement, rights obligations hereunder, may assigned by Executive; purported assignment Executive violation hereof null void. The Company assign this its assignment, assignee expressly assume hereunder remain fully liable for performance such manner prescribed Agreement. Except as otherwise provided herein, nothing confer upon person entity a party legal entity, remedies nature kind whatsoever under reason
The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, do or to be done all things necessary preserve, renew keep in full force effect its legal existence jurisdiction of organization the rights, licenses, permits, privileges franchises material conduct business unless failure so could not reasonably expected have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that foregoing shall prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 .
All notices, requests and other communications hereunder shall be in writing deemed to have been duly given at the time of receipt if delivered by hand or communicated electronic transmission, or, mailed, three days after deposit United States mail, registered certified, return requested, with postage prepaid addressed party receive same, Company, Mr. Paul Parliament, CEO, 590 York Road, Unit 3, Niagara On The Lake, Ontario, CANADA L0S 1J0, telephone (716) 803-0621, e-mail XXXXXXXX Employee, Douglas Brooks XXXXXX (905)-815-XXXX ; provided, however, that either designated a different address notice as provided above, then any subsequent such last so designated.
Commencing on the Effective Date, Company agrees to employ Employee during Term specified in Paragraph 2 hereof, and accept such employment, upon terms conditions hereinafter set forth. If there are such Vested RSUs on the Participant's death, within thirty days of Company will pay to person entitled by or applicable laws descent and distribution Settlement Amount for each RSU.
Upon a Change in Control, the Participant will have such rights with respect to RSUs as are provided for Plan. This Agreement may be amended or modified by the Corporation at any time. Notwithstanding foregoing, no amendment modification that is adverse to rights of Grantee as provided this shall effective unless set forth in a writing signed parties hereto.
The Company shall deduct from the any amount payable to Executive pursuant this Agreement, including Section 7 of restricted share award notice, all applicable federal, state, local and other taxes as required by law. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, this Agreement together with the Registration Rights and Subscription Agreements embody complete agreement understanding among parties hereto respect to subject matter hereof supersedes preempts any prior understandings, agreements or representations by parties, written oral, that may have related in way.
In the event that at any future time it is determined by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction covenant, clause, provision term this Agreement illegal, invalid unenforceable, remaining provisions and terms shall not be affected thereby unenforceable severed from remainder Agreement. such severance, covenants binding enforceable. The Award shall be subject to the following service vesting requirement: Director must continuously serve as a member of Board Directors Corporation through February 28, 2017.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original but all when taken together one contract, and become effective as provided Section 7.04 hereof. Delivery counterpart to this by facsimile transmission electronic delivery a manually signed original. The terms and conditions of this Article II will survive the expiration or earlier termination Agreement.
The validity, construction, interpretation, and effect of the Plan Grant Instruments issued under shall be governed construed by determined in accordance with laws Commonwealth Pennsylvania, without giving to conflict provisions thereof. There are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of Borrower, threatened against Borrower any Subsidiary at law in equity before Official Body which individually aggregate could reasonably be expected result Material Adverse Change. Neither nor is violation order, writ, injunction decree
The failure of any party hereto to exercise right, power or remedy provided under this Agreement otherwise available in respect hereof at law equity, insist upon compliance by other with such party’s obligations hereunder, and custom practice the parties variance terms hereof, shall not constitute a waiver right demand compliance.
The Company shall promptly reimburse the Executive for his actual out‑of‑pocket expenses incurred in carrying out duties hereunder conduct of Company's business, which be limited to ordinary and customary items supported by vouchers, receipts or similar documentation submitted accordance with expense reimbursement policy as required law. All payments by Seller or Buyer to the other party pursuant this Agreement shall be made wire transfer of immediately available funds in U.S. dollars.
All representations and warranties made by POM in this Agreement shall be true correct on as of the Closing Date if again POM, applicable, such date insofar any inconsistency or inaccuracy does not will have a Material Adverse Effect, except relate expressly solely to particular period, which case, subject limitations applicable they with respect period.
All notices and communications hereunder shall be in writing given to Grantor the Beneficiary as provided Indenture. This Agreement is personal to Executive and, without the prior written consent of Company , shall not be assignable by otherwise than will or laws descent and distribution. inure benefit binding upon its successors assigns.
Except as otherwise provided in this Note, whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company person pursuant such shall lawful money United States America a check drawn on account and sent via overnight courier service Person at address previously writing; that Holder may elect receive wire transfer immediately available funds providing with prior written notice setting out request Holder's instructions. Whenever amount expressed due terms Note day which not business day, same instead next succeeding day.
Payments and benefits provided under this Agreement are taxable the laws of United States State California will be subject to all required withholdings court ordered wage assignments and/or garnishments. Executive's initial base salary as of the Effective Date is $375,000. The and any increase defined "Base Salary." Base Salary paid in accordance with Company's normal payroll practices subject to applicable taxes withholding.
The Lender shall have received (i) copies of the financial statements referred to in Section 5.05 and (ii) an annual operating plan budget Borrower its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis, including forecasts, for fiscal year 2016. The representations and warranties of Seller set forth in this Section shall survive Closing delivery the Deed (as hereinafter defined) for a period twelve (12) months after Date; provided, however, that sixth sentence 5.1.5 above only six (6) Date.
The Executive agrees that the covenants contained in Sections 5 through 8 of this Agreement are essence Agreement, each is reasonable and necessary to protect business, interests properties Employer their Affiliates, irreparable loss damage will be suffered by should breach any covenants. Therefore, consents that, addition all remedies provided law or equity, shall entitled seek a temporary restraining order permanent injunctions prevent contemplated Furthermore, other remedies, willful violation results material harm result immediate forfeiture payment otherwise may become due under Section 4.2 . agree available cumulative.
The Company shall use the net proceeds from sale of Securities hereunder as set forth in Prospectus Supplement, and not such violation FCPA or OFAC regulations. Executive will cooperate with the Company and its representatives in connection any action, investigation or proceeding that relates to events occurring during his employment. This provision shall survive cessation of Executive’s
The Parties understand and agree that the preceding Sections recite sole consideration for this Agreement; no representation or promise has been made by Employee, Company, any other Released Party concerning subject matter of Agreement, except as expressly set forth in all agreements understandings between Agreement are embodied expressed Agreement. This shall supersede prior contemporaneous among Party, whether written oral, express implied, with respect to employment, termination, benefits including without limitation, employment-related agreement benefit plan, extent provisions such plan have referred having continued continuing effect.
The Seller holds of record and owns beneficially (A) all the Company Shares, such Shares represent issued outstanding capital stock Company, (B) 1,000 shares common Connected Data, representing Data. Data owned by are held free clear any Security Interest. is not a party to option, warrant, purchase right, or other contract commitment that could require sell, transfer, otherwise dispose (other than this Agreement) Contribution Agreement). voting trust, proxy, agreement understanding with respect
The purchase price for the sale of Purchased Assets sold to Purchaser on Closing Date shall equal estimated fair market value Assets. Such be paid in cash Santander Consumer an amount agreed between and Purchaser, and, extent not by a capital contribution undivided interest such that increases its equity excess over Consumer.
The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid, expenses for which invoices been presented (including reasonable of legal counsel as provided in Section 9.03) at least two Business Days prior Effective Date. All such amounts will paid with proceeds Loans made on Date reflected funding instructions given by Borrower Representative or before
Punctually pay when due all sums which may be under the Loan Documents. Buyer is duly qualified to do business and in good standing as a foreign corporation each jurisdiction which the nature of its or properties assets owned, leased operated by it makes such qualification necessary. Transferee is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of State Delaware. has full power, capacity authority necessary to enter into perform its obligations this Agreement consummate transactions contemplated hereby.
This Agreement, including the rights and duties of parties hereto, shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, laws State New York (including Sections 5-1401 5-1402 General Obligations Law York, but without regard to any other conflicts law provisions thereof). Agreement is executed by Additional Originator for benefit Buyer, its assigns, each foregoing may rely hereon. number counterparts, which when so deemed an original all taken together constitute one same agreement. Delivery counterpart hereof facsimile or electronic means equally effective as delivery originally counterpart. binding upon, inure of, successors permitted assigns.
The Company may withhold from any benefit under the Plan an amount sufficient to satisfy its tax withholding obligations. Except with respect Member whose employment is terminated for Cause or voluntarily resigns without Good Reason (other than Retirement, as defined in Company’s 2010 Equity Incentive Plan) before February 26, 2015, a elect have his her obligations of Stock Account satisfied by having shares Common held back Fair Market Value equal minimum such
The rights and obligations of each Party which by their nature survive the termination or expiration this Agreement shall Agreement, including Sections 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 14, 15 (to extent relevant). In addition, Enzon hereby acknowledges that neither nor affect in any manner Savient’s right to manufacture sell, have manufactured sold, Product.
Notwithstanding the above, in event of a Change Control, all Performance Shares will fully vest immediately as Control and be considered earned payable at target promptly practicable following if awards have not been assumed or replaced by Substitute Award, defined below. The Compensation Talent Management Committee Board Directors Kellogg Company (the “Committee”) may adjust to extent Currency-Neutral Comparable Operating Profit Growth TSR relative Index Group performance that date exceeds specified Overview, but no case less than target.
Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall pay when due all material taxes, fees or other charges of any nature whatsoever (together with related interest penalties) now hereafter imposed assessed against Borrower, Agent, Lender the Collateral upon Borrower's ownership, possession, use, operation disposition thereof rents, receipts earnings arising therefrom. file on before date therefor personal property tax returns in respect Collateral. Notwithstanding foregoing, may contest, good faith by appropriate proceedings, taxes for which maintains adequate reserves accordance GAAP.
Buyer shall pay Seller fees for the Services as set forth on attached Schedule A . After end of each month during Term, deliver an invoice to or its affiliate provided in such month, together with billing data, supporting documentation and level detail may reasonably be requested by Buyer. within 30 days Buyer’s receipt all that was Notwithstanding foregoing, (i) choose any portion agreeing reduce one more payments made pursuant Section 1(g) , (ii) prior making payment due Seller, offset against amounts owed Party this Agreement Purchase Agreement.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of Delaware. This Agreement and each every term, covenant condition thereof, including all restrictions herein contained upon the sale, transfer, assignment or other disposition encumbrance of stock, shall be binding inure to benefit transferees, legatees, donees, heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, successors permitted assigns parties.
Duly observe, conform and comply in all material respects with laws (including any fictitious or tradename statute), decisions, judgments, rules, regulations orders of governmental regulatory authorities relating to the conduct its business properties assets, except (i) those being contested good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently pursued (ii) where a failure would not reasonably be expected have adverse effect on assets.
As a condition to the enforcement of this Agreement, Guarantor shall have received written notice any failure by Borrower pay Guaranteed Obligations Lenders. Except for required under preceding sentence, hereby waives acceptance demand payment, presentment or instrument, dishonor, protest and protest, other action taken in reliance hereon all demands notices description connection with Agreement. Subject last sentence Section 2, further forgoes defenses which may be available virtue valuation, moratorium law similar now hereafter effect, right require marshalling assets, suretyship generally.
Lessor and Lessee agree that the covenants provisions of this Second Amendment shall not be divulged to anyone directly involved in management, administration, ownership, lending against, sale or marketing subleasing Premises, other than Lessee’s Lessor’s counsel leasing sub-leasing broker, accountants, financial advisors, lenders, investors, investment bankers, purchasers any proposed assignee sublessee, as required by law connection with filing Securities Exchange Commission legal proceeding.
The Issuers and the Guarantors hereby submit to non-exclusive jurisdiction of any U.S. federal or state court located in Borough Manhattan, City County New York action, suit proceeding arising out relating based upon this Agreement transactions contemplated hereby, irrevocably unconditionally waive objection laying venue such agree not plead claim that has been brought an inconvenient forum.
This Agreement may be amended by written agreement of amendment executed all parties hereto, but not otherwise. The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive Closing the delivery and/or exercise of Securities, as applicable. The Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of paid vacation per full calendar year, which accrue and taken pursuant Company policies as in effect from time time. not carry over any unused year year.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of State Maryland without regard to its conflict laws, provisions or principles. You irrevocably consent exclusive personal jurisdiction appropriate state federal court for Montgomery County, waive any objection you may have based upon lack jurisdiction, improper venue, forum non conveniens.
Effective as of the Date, Company will pay Executive an annual salary $296,276 compensation for Executive’s employment services to (the “ Base Salary ”). The be paid periodically in accordance with Company’s normal payroll practices and subject usual, required withholdings. review adjustments may made based upon performance practices. After the Separation, Executive will make himself reasonably available to assist and cooperate with Company in connection any internal and/or independent review of Company’s financial policies, procedures activities respect all periods during which was employed by Company.
No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of any party hereto, right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor single partial preclude other further thereof privilege. The rights, remedies, powers privileges herein provided are cumulative not exclusive by law. provision be effective unless it is writing signed asserted have granted such waiver.
The Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have filed all federal and, except to the extent that a failure do so could not reasonably be expected Material Adverse Effect, other tax returns reports required (or appropriate extensions been timely filed), paid taxes, assessments, fees governmental charges levied or imposed upon them properties, income assets otherwise due payable, where such nonpayment would constitute breach of Section 7.1(b) .
Any question or dispute regarding the administration interpretation of Notice, Plan this Award Agreement shall be submitted by Director Company to Administrator. The resolution such Administrator final and binding on all persons. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Federative Republic Brazil. This Separation Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which when so and delivered shall taken to an original, but all together constitute one the same document. Facsimile pdf signatures deemed equal force effect as originals.
The Board shall select from the group of Eligible Employees those individuals who may participate in Plan. Any Employee selected for participation become a Participant upon written notification by (or as delegated) to his or her participation. Such will indicate whether such is Tier 1 2 Participant. Only have been designated Participants Plan prior occurrence Change Control be eligible receive benefits under this
Whenever possible, each provision of this Amendment shall be interpreted in such a manner as to effective and valid under all applicable laws regulations. If, however, any prohibited by or invalid law regulation jurisdiction, it shall, deemed modified conform the minimum requirements regulation, or, if for reason is not so modified, ineffective only extent prohibition invalidity without affecting remaining provisions Amendment, validity effectiveness other jurisdiction.
Tenant agrees to furnish Landlord copies of its Colorado State Sales Tax Return on a quarterly basis. from time (but no less than once annually) balance sheet showing the then current net worth together with profit and loss statement for Tenant's most recently completed fiscal year. Such statements shall be certified by an independent public accountant prepared in accordance generally accepted accounting principles.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof. Any and all provisions Purchase are in no way superseded by any terms this Agreement. All notices, requests and demands to or upon Collateral Trustee any Grantor hereunder shall be effected in the manner provided for Section 13.01 of Indenture; , however that such notice, request demand addressed Partnership’s notice address set forth Indenture.
No step has been taken or is currently intended by any Obligor or, to the knowledge of Obligors, other Person for winding-up, liquidation, dissolution administration appointment a receiver administrator all Obligors’ properties assets. Immediately after issuance and sale Notes Royalty Rights consummation transactions contemplated Transaction Documents on applicable Closing Date, Obligors as whole will not be rendered insolvent within meaning 11 U.S.C. 101(32) insolvency Laws whole, unable realize upon their property pay debts they mature.
Borrower shall pay to Bank immediately upon demand, in addition any other amounts due or become hereunder, and all (i) withholdings, interest equalization taxes, stamp taxes (except income franchise taxes) imposed by domestic foreign governmental authority related manner LIBOR, (ii) future, supplemental, emergency changes the LIBOR Reserve Percentage, assessment rates Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, similar requirements costs resulting from compliance with request directive (whether not having force of law) central bank extent they are included calculation LIBOR. In determining which foregoing attributable option available reasonable allocation made among its operations be conclusive binding absent manifest error.
The Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have conducted business in compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, UK Bribery 2010 other similar applicable anti-corruption legislation jurisdictions, instituted maintained policies procedures designed to promote achieve such laws. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Company any person, firm or entity with which may merged consolidated acquire all substantially Company’s assets through sale, lease, liquidation otherwise. The rights benefits Executive are personal him no such subject assignment transfer by Executive.
It is understood and agreed by the Parties that money damages would be an insufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement Party each non-breaching shall entitled to specific performance injunctive or other equitable relief (without posting bond without proof actual damages) as a such breach, including order Bankruptcy Court court competent jurisdiction requiring comply promptly with its obligations hereunder. The expressly consent entry orders enforce Agreement.
All statements, requests and notices delivered hereunder shall be in writing, if to KCG or sent by mail e-mail transmission Holdings, Inc., 300 Vesey Street, New York, NY 10282, Attention: John McCarthy, e-mail: jmccarthy@kcg.com; GA-GTCO Interholdco, LLC, c/o General Atlantic Service Company, 55 East 52nd 32nd Floor, 10055, David A. Rosenstein, drosenstein@generalatlantic.com.
The Company shall pay Executive a Base Salary at rate to be determined by the Compensation Committee (or its designee), upon recommendation of Direct Supervisor. payable in accordance with regular payroll procedures Company. The Calculation Agent shall initially be Citibank. is appointed for the purpose of making calculations and verifications as provided in this Section 3.1(a) . Agent, agent Noteholders, provide all services necessary to fulfill role set forth Base Indenture.
The Company hereby agrees to continue employ the Executive, and Executive accepts continued employment with Company, under terms set forth in this Agreement. will serve as Senior Vice President Chief Medical Officer shall perform such duties are ordinary, customary necessary role. report directly CEO. devote his full business time, skill attention performance of on behalf Company.
To the best of knowledge officers Parent and Borrower, Parent, Borrower Borrower’s Subsidiaries have complied with all laws, rules, regulations, orders restrictions any domestic or foreign government instrumentality agency thereof having jurisdiction over conduct their respective businesses ownership Property, including, without limitation, Regulation U, T X Board Governors Federal Reserve System, Environmental Laws, except for failure to comply foregoing which could not reasonably be expected a Material Adverse Effect. Margin Stock (as defined in U) constitutes less than 25% value those assets are subject limitation on sale, pledge, other restriction hereunder.
Capitalized terms not defined in the body of this Grant shall have meanings ascribed to them Annex attached hereto and incorporated by reference. or same meaning as Plan. Each Party hereby acknowledges that confidential Information of such or its Subsidiaries may be exposed to employees and agents the other as a result activities contemplated by this Agreement. agrees, on behalf itself Subsidiaries, Party’s obligations with respect data shall governed Section 7.08 Separation
Except as otherwise determined by the Committee at time of grant Award or thereafter, upon termination employment service during applicable restriction period, Restricted Stock that is subject to restrictions shall be forfeited; provided, however , may (a) provide in any Agreement forfeiture conditions relating will waived whole part event terminations resulting from specified causes, and (b) other cases waive Stock.
All insurance policies required to be obtained by any Loan Party as of the Closing Date pursuant Section 7.01(d) have been and are in full force effect all premiums then due payable thereon paid full. No has received notice from insurer that policy ceased or claiming insurer’s liability under such can reduced avoided.
Section 3.22 of the Disclosure Letter sets forth each instance in which any Seller Companies (a) is subject to outstanding injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, or charge (b) a party or, Sellers’ Knowledge, threatened be made action, suit, proceeding, hearing, investigation of, in, before court quasi judicial administrative agency federal, state, local, foreign jurisdiction arbitrator. None actions, suits, proceedings, hearings, and investigations set could result material adverse change business, financial condition, operations, results future prospects Business. Sellers has reason believe that such may brought against Sellers.
This Note shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred, nor may any rights obligations hereunder by the Company to third party without prior written consent of Holder; provided, however, that assign transfer all part this Holder an entity acquires substantially business assets Company, whether merger, acquisition otherwise. Any assignment in contravention Section 17 null and void.
Schedule 5.16 sets forth all the Subsidiaries of Holdings at Closing Date (after giving effect to Transactions), jurisdiction their organization and direct or indirect ownership interest therein. Subject to forfeiture in the event, at any time prior first anniversary of grantee’s Retirement, grantee violates non-compete covenant with BD. No amendment or waiver of any provision this Note, nor consent to departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall in event be effective unless same writing and signed Lender then such only specific instance for purpose which given.
A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of waiver by otherwise, the circumstances entitling Borrower require and cease apply. Executive’s Base Salary will be paid ratably during each 12-month period the term of Agreement. All payments under Agreement subject to withholding or deduction by reason Federal Insurance Contribution Act, income tax, state tax and all other applicable laws regulations.
There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the best of Borrowers’ knowledge, threatened against any Borrower, Sole Member, Guarantor, Manager, Property Collateral in court by before other Governmental Authority which, if adversely determined, might materially and affect condition (financial otherwise) business Borrower (including ability such carry out transactions contemplated this Agreement), use, ownership Property. No has received notice, that it default violation order, writ, injunction, decree, regulation demand Authority.
This Agreement represents the entire agreement of parties and shall supersede any all previous contracts, arrangements or understandings between Company Executive. may be amended at time by mutual written hereto. In case conflict express term this statement contained in employment manual, memo rule general applicability Company, control. This Agreement is to be governed by, and construed enforced in accordance with, the laws of State Ohio, without regard its rules conflict that would require application other than those Ohio.
This Release, the Agreement, and documents referenced herein contain entire agreement between Gehring Company, take priority over any other written or oral understanding that may have existed in past. acknowledges no promises agreements been offered for this Release (other than those described above) will be binding unless they are writing signed by Company. I agree to terms conditions set forth Release.
Promptly (but in any event within three (3) Business Day after obtaining Knowledge thereof) notify the Lessee Representative of existence Default or Event (or equivalent under and as defined applicable Financing Documents describing with particularity nature such event. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed enforced in accordance with the substantive laws of State New York applicable to agreements made performed entirely York.
Except with the prior written consent of disclosing party, recipient any Confidential Information will not disclose that Information, except to Affiliates, employees, agents or professional advisors who need know it and have agreed in writing (or case are otherwise bound) keep confidential. The ensure those people entities use only exercise rights fulfill obligations under this Agreement, while using reasonable care may also when required by law after giving notice discloser, if permitted law.
This Note may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate each such counterpart shall deemed to an original, but all together constitute one same Note. Receipt facsimile or electronic transmission (including PDF) signature page this other Document effective delivery page. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts and by facsimile and/or scanned emailed, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute the same instrument.
Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to such in Credit Agreement. This Amendment delivered connection herewith constitute Loan Documents for all purposes of Agreement and other Documents. Each reference “hereof”, “hereunder”, “herein” “hereby” each similar “this Agreement” contained shall, after this becomes effective, refer as amended hereby.
(a) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.06 , there are no actions, suits or proceedings by before any arbitrator Governmental Authority (including, without limitation, the FDA) pending against or, to knowledge of Loan Party, threatened affecting Party its Subsidiaries (i) which is a reasonable possibility an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually in aggregate, result Material Adverse Effect (ii) that involve Documents.
In full satisfaction of all amounts due Employee including carried on Company’s balance sheet (“ Amounts ”) the Company paid $720,415 Indebtedness Payment as March 31, 2016. To induce the Lenders to make Loans, each of Prologis and General Partner, as applicable, makes following representations warranties Effective Date. Such shall survive effectiveness this Agreement, execution delivery other Loan Documents making Loans.
If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid unenforceable, (i) legality, validity and enforceability remaining provisions shall not affected impaired thereby (ii) parties endeavor in good faith negotiations replace unenforceable with valid economic effect which comes as close possible that provisions. The invalidity a particular jurisdiction invalidate render such jurisdiction. Without limiting foregoing Section 10.13, if extent relating Defaulting Lenders limited by Debtor Relief Laws, determined Administrative Agent, then deemed only so limited.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, consummation Contemplated Transactions (the “ Closing ”) shall take place at offices Foley & Lardner, LLP, 555 S. Flower Street, Suite 3500, Los Angeles, California, 10:00 a.m., Pacific time, within five Business Days after all set forth in ARTICLE VI are either satisfied or waived (other than which, by their nature, be on Date), such other date as Seller Buyer may mutually agree upon writing. The which is occur herein referred “Closing Date”.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each such counterpart constituting an original but all together one and the same instrument. Any party delivering this by fax shall also deliver counterpart, failure to do so not affect validity, enforceability or binding effect Amendment. In consideration of the transfer Exchange Note to Buyer on Closing Date, shall pay Seller Purchase Price with respect thereto. If be paid for exceeds amount any cash payment account such day, excess automatically considered have been contributed by as a capital contribution. As in $978,715,444.19 Price.
Employee’s annual base salary for all services rendered shall initially be One Hundred Seventy-Five Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($175,000.00) (less applicable taxes withholdings) payable in accordance with the Bank’s customary payroll practices as they may exist from time to (“ Base Salary ”). The reviewed increased by Bank at its sole discretion, policies, procedures time.
EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, SUCH IRREVOCABLY UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES RIGHT IT HAVE A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ACTION (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) DIRECTLY INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT RELATING THE ACTIONS PARTIES NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE ENFORCEMENT HEREOF THEREOF. CERTIFIES (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE OTHER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE, WOULD NOT SEEK ENFORCE FOREGOING WAIVER EVENT AN ACTION, (B) CONSIDERED UNDERSTANDS IMPLICATIONS WAIVER, (C) MAKES VOLUNTARILY (D) BEEN INDUCED ENTER INTO BY, AMONG THINGS, MUTUAL WAIVERS CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 9(G).
The indemnification provided for under this Agreement will remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf the indemnified party officer, director, controlling Person such survive transfer securities. Company also agrees to make provisions, as are reasonably requested party, contribution event Company’s is unavailable reason. Each Holder Registerable Securities Holder’s
All payments shall be made in lawful money of the United States America at such place as Holder hereof may from time to designate writing Company. Payment credited first accrued interest then due and payable remainder applied principal. Prepayment this Note any without penalty. The Purchaser has the full power and authority to enter into consummate all transactions contemplated by this Agreement, duly authorized execution, delivery performance of executed delivered Agreement.
The parties to each assignment shall deliver the Administrative Agent: (A) a duly executed Assignment and Acceptance, (B) processing recordation fee of $3,500, (C) an Questionnaire unless assignee is already Lender (D) documents required under Section 2.16 if such Foreign Lender. With respect to any suit, action or proceeding relating offers, purchases sales of the Securities by undersigned (“ Proceedings ”), irrevocably submits jurisdiction federal state courts located in State Maryland, which submission shall be exclusive unless none such has lawful over Proceedings.
Except for the provisions of this Agreement which are explicitly stated to survive Closing, none terms shall Closing. The Article 15 termination and Notwithstanding Section 4.8(d) and (e), a Participant or FBU who becomes permanently disabled, as determined by the Benefits Committee in its sole discretion, shall become fully vested 60 days after date he she begins receiving long term disability benefits under Company’s program.
Borrower shall not permit or suffer the occurrence of any event nor allow Subsidiary other Affiliate to knowingly which constitutes an default under indenture loan agreement otherwise with respect indebtedness Borrower, Bank, Subsidiary, except extent result such would reasonably be expected constitute Event Default Section 7.1 cause a Material Adverse Effect.
During the Employment Period, Executive shall receive a base salary (such salary, as it may be increased from time to hereunder, “ Annual Base Salary ”) at annual rate of $200,000. The payable in accordance with Company’s payroll practices effect time, subject applicable taxes and withholding. reviewed for possible merit increases least annually but not reduced during Period.
(a) Employee shall be employed as Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer of the Bank. He perform such services for Corporation may assigned to by from time upon terms conditions hereinafter set forth. Employee's rendered in a senior management or executive capacity type which he is suited background training.
(a) Do or cause to be done all things necessary preserve, renew and keep in full force effect its legal existence, except, the case of a Subsidiary Borrower, where failure do so would not reasonably expected have Material Adverse Effect, except as otherwise permitted under Section 6.05, for liquidation dissolution Subsidiaries if assets such extent they exceed estimated liabilities are acquired by Borrower Wholly Owned dissolution; provided , that Loan Parties may liquidated into Domestic Foreign (except each 6.05).
Each member of the PL Capital Group and Mr. Keefe, on one hand, Company, other acknowledges agrees that irreparable injury to Other Party would occur in event any provision this Agreement were not performed accordance with such provision's specific terms or otherwise breached threatened be adequately compensable by remedies available at law (including payment money damages). It is accordingly agreed each hand (the " Moving "), shall entitled enforcement of, injunctive relief prevent violation hereof, hereto take action, directly indirectly, opposition seeking grounds remedy equity. This Section 16 exclusive for Agreement.
Any and all notices or other communications deliveries to be provided by the Corporation hereunder shall in writing delivered personally, facsimile, sent a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed each Holder at facsimile number address of such appearing on books Corporation. If any term or provision of this Agreement, application thereof to person circumstance, shall be invalid unenforceable, the remainder such persons circumstances, other than those as which it is held invalid, both unaffected thereby and each Agreement valid enforced fullest extent permitted by law.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in a manner so that any amount or benefit payable hereunder paid provided is either exempt from compliant with the requirements of Section 409A Code applicable Internal Revenue Service guidance Treasury Regulations issued thereunder (and transition relief under Code). Nevertheless, tax treatment benefits not warranted guaranteed. Neither Company nor its directors, officers, employees advisers held liable for taxes, interest, penalties other monetary amounts owed by Executive as result application Code.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement the other Loan Documents to which Borrower and/or Master Tenant is a party by Tenant, as applicable, will not conflict with or result in breach any terms provisions of, constitute default under, creation imposition lien, charge encumbrance (other than pursuant Lease Documents) upon property assets indenture, mortgage, deed trust, loan agreement, partnership management agreement instrument Property, Borrower’s Tenant’s subject, nor such action violation statute order, rule regulation Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over properties assets, consent, approval, authorization, registration qualification court required for has been obtained full force effect.
(a) . In addition to any compensation received pursuant this Section 4, the Company will reimburse or advance funds Executive for all reasonable documented travel, entertainment and miscellaneous expenses incurred in connection with performance of his duties under Agreement, provided that properly provides a written accounting such accordance Company’s practices. Such reimbursement advances be made policies procedures effect from time relating of, to, its executive officers.
Seller and its Subsidiaries have timely filed all tax returns that are required to be by them paid Taxes due, except for any such as being appropriately contested in good faith appropriate proceedings diligently conducted with respect which adequate reserves been provided. There no Liens Taxes, statutory liens not yet due payable.
You agree that the internal law, and not law of conflicts, State Minnesota, shall govern all questions concerning validity, construction effect this Exhibit A. The exclusive venue for any arbitration or court proceeding relating to Agreement be a state forum, as required above, within Minnesota unless parties mutually different venue. consent personal jurisdiction in Minnesota.
(a) Each US Borrower jointly and severally agrees to pay interest in respect of the unpaid principal amount each Base Rate Loan from date Borrowing thereof until earlier (i) such being paid by (ii) conversion a LIBOR pursuant Section 2.06 or 2.09, as applicable, at rate per annum which shall be equal sum relevant Applicable Margin plus Rate, effect time time.
The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, (a) keep maintain all property in good working order condition, ordinary wear tear excepted, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect (b) maintain, with financially sound reputable insurance companies, such amounts against risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged same or similar businesses operating locations.
This Agreement, including the Schedules and Exhibits hereto, together with Other Agreements, contains entire agreement understanding among parties hereto respect to subject matter hereof, supersedes all prior contemporaneous agreements, arrangements understandings, shall not be modified or affected by any offer, proposal, statement representation, oral written, made for party in connection negotiation of terms hereof. All references herein this Agreement specifically include, incorporate refer attached which are hereby a part There no representations, promises, warranties, covenants, undertakings assurances (express implied) other than those expressly set forth provided documents referred herein. may amended orally, but only writing signed hereto.
The Company hereby employs and engages the services of Employee to serve as Chief Financial Officer agrees diligently competently perform functions for compensation benefits stated herein. A copy Employee’s current job description is attached hereto Exhibit A, agree acknowledge that retains right reasonably add to, or remove, duties responsibilities set forth in business other operating reasons may arise changes occur. It understood will be appointed an officer EFI EFRI during term this Agreement, but direct employment relationship employee EFRI.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraphs D.10 and D.11, this Agreement shall be governed, construed enforced in accordance with laws State New York, without giving effect to conflict law rules or principles. Executive shall serve as Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company. perform all duties accept responsibilities incident to such position may be reasonably assigned him by Company or Board Directors (“Board”). Executive’s principal place employment in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania.
The Company agrees to indemnify each member of the Investment Committee or Claims who is its employee an Affiliated against any and all claims, loss, damage, expense, liability from act failure unless same judicially determined be result such member’s gross negligence willful misconduct, except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law.
Borrower is not in default under or with respect to any of its Contractual Obligations that would, either individually the aggregate, reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as expressly set forth on Exhibit A hereto, no Default Event has occurred and continuing, will result from consummation transactions contemplated by this Seventh Amendment.
At the end of Term or any early expiration this Lease, Lessee agrees to cooperate with Lessor in transfer financial responsibility and operations Facility a new operator operators, including good faith negotiation, execution, delivery such agreements, assignment agreements bills sale as are reasonably necessary effect transfer. In conjunction cooperation, shall take all action useful effecting Lessor’s nominee certificate need Ecense from Florida Department Health other governmental authority regulating use service contracte, which, either case, may be operation by for Primary Intended Use.
This Agreement is personal to Consultant and without the prior written consent of Company shall not be assignable by other than will or laws descent distribution. inure benefit enforceable Consultant’s surviving spouse, heirs, legal representatives. binding upon its affiliates, their respective successors assigns. Consultant shall submit to the Company a reasonably detailed invoice for any expenses incurred as set forth in Section 4 of this Exhibit A above. Within forty-five (45) days receipt Consultant’s invoice, payment will be made by all non-disputed invoices.
Subject to Section 6.4, this Agreement shall continue be effective until the Discharge of Senior Lender Claims have occurred or such later time as all Obligations in respect Second Priority been paid full. This is a continuing agreement lien subordination and Lenders may continue, at any without notice each Agent Secured Party, extend credit other financial accommodations lend monies for benefit Company Grantor constituting reliance hereon. The terms survive, full force effect, Insolvency Liquidation Proceeding. Any provision that prohibited unenforceable jurisdiction not invalidate remaining provisions hereof, prohibition unenforceability render jurisdiction.
All representations and warranties made in this Agreement or any document delivered pursuant to by on behalf of Party shall survive the execution delivery Closing, regardless notice investigation right prior after date party, terminate expire two (2) years following Closing Date (the “Survival Date”), which they be no further force effect. No claim for a breach representation may brought Survival Date, except written notice, reasonably detailing basis therefor, have been breaching party Date; provided, that not apply covenant obligation performed express terms hereof.
This Agreement, together with Section 13 of the Term Sheet referenced in 7.7 above , embodies entire agreement and understanding between parties relating to subject matter hereof there are no covenants, promises, agreements, conditions or understandings, oral written, except as herein set forth. Payment of the purchase price shall be determined through negotiations between Transferor and Party B (including Designee) in accordance with applicable laws at time exercise Option.
The authorized, issued and outstanding shares of capital stock the Company are as set forth in Offering Memorandum column entitled “Actual” under caption “Capitalization” (except for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant to reservations, agreements or employee benefit plans referred in, incorporated by reference into, Memorandum). All (the “ Common Stock ”) have been duly authorized validly fully paid non‑assessable compliance with federal state securities laws. None were violation preemptive rights, rights first refusal other similar any securityholder Company. There no options, warrants, purchase, equity debt convertible into exchangeable exercisable for, than those described documents therein.
Before the filing of and during Chapter 11 Case, Goodrich shall provide Noteholder Advisors with drafts all material motions or applications other documents intends to file Bankruptcy Court relating Restructuring at least three (3) Business Days before date when any such document unless advance notice is impossible impracticable under circumstances in which case notify telephonically by electronic mail advise it be filed facts that make provision copies submission impracticable.
As a condition to the receipt of this Option, you must agree Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Confidentiality Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A by executing that Agreement. Failure execute return within 120 days Grant Date shall constitute your decision decline accept Award. If a Participant suffers Disability, any current Election Form may be cancelled, provided that such cancellation shall occur by the later of end taxable year or 15th day third month, following date on which Disability.
The provisions contained herein constitute the entire agreement between parties with respect to subject matter hereof and supersede any all prior agreements, understandings communications parties, oral or written, such matter, including Prior Agreement, but excluding equity award agreements Executive Company Holdings. For avoidance of doubt, nothing is intended waive obligations comply assignment invention applicable under Code Ethics agreement(s) Executive.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among parties and supersedes any prior understandings, agreements or representations by parties, written oral, to extent they relate subject matter hereof, including consulting between Executive Company, dated May 9, 2016. may be executed in one more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original but all together constitute same instrument. It not necessary making proof this produce account for than such counterpart.
On the terms and subject to conditions set forth herein, Corporation agrees continue employ Executive as its Vice President of International Operations Sales for Term Employment (as defined in Section 2 ). The does hereby accept agree such employment, on expressly this Agreement. shall, if requested, also serve a member Board Directors (the “ ”) or an officer director any affiliate no additional compensation.
Enter into any transaction of kind with Affiliate the Borrower, whether or not in ordinary course business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to Borrower such Non-MSB Subsidiary would be obtainable by at time a comparable arm’s length Person an Affiliate; provided that foregoing restriction shall apply transactions between among Loan Parties. As Closing Date, Schedule 8.08 sets forth certain agreements one more its Subsidiaries Affiliates (collectively, “Affiliate Agreements”), which represents warrants Lender Agreements are could obtain Affiliate. Neither nor will amend, modify supplement Agreement provision thereof manner, except for amendments, modifications supplements
In the event that your employment with Company or its subsidiaries affiliates is terminated due to death after December 31, 2016, but prior end of Service Period, shares Stock shall be issued on a prorated basis based actual performance as determined at first Committee meeting following death. The number under Award by calculating (a)(i) Units set forth herein multiplied (ii) quotient full and partial months you worked during Period (rounded up nearest whole month) divided 36, then multiplying product (a)(ii) (b) percentile amount, calculated in accordance terms Program. January 1, 2017, forfeited entirety.
Amounts of funding at each step below will be requested by itemization in a “Funding Request Report” the form attached hereto as Exhibit E, provided to Wright Medical Plaintiffs’ Counsel. A Funding Report identify Eligible Claims that have satisfied requirements for payment any or all 1) final negotiated lien amounts, and/or appropriate full holdback amounts liens, 2) Common Benefit Assessments, 3) balance an Individual Settlement (each “Payment Item”).
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement, and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with provisions Purchase Agreement. The term of this Agreement (the “Term” ) shall commence on the effective date and continue until upon which Final Completion is achieved, unless earlier terminated pursuant to provisions contained in Agreement.
EACH LOAN PARTY AND LENDER HEREBY WAIVE ANY ALL RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL IN CONNECTION WITH LITIGATION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING RESPECT OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO UNDER DOCUMENTS CLAIMS OUT DISCUSSIONS, NEGOTIATIONS COMMUNICATIONS INVOLVING RELATED PROPOSED RENEWAL, EXTENSION, AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION, RESTRUCTURE, FORBEARANCE, WORKOUT, ENFORCEMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY DOCUMENTS.
None of the Borrower or any Subsidiary will sell, lease, license otherwise transfer assets to, purchase, acquire from, engage in other transactions with, its Affiliates, except (a) ordinary course business that are at prices and on terms conditions not less favorable to such than those would prevail arm’s-length with unrelated third parties, (b) between among Loan Parties involving Affiliate, (c) Subsidiaries Parties, (d) Restricted Payment permitted under Section 6.08, (e) issuances by Equity Interests (other Disqualified Interests), receipt capital contributions, (f) compensation indemnification of, employment severance arrangements directors, officers employees (g) loans advances 6.04(j) 6.04(k).
This Agreement and the legal relations among parties shall be governed by, construed enforced in accordance with, laws of State Delaware, without regard to its conflict rules. The hereto hereby irrevocably unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out connection with this brought court Delaware (the “Delaware Court ”), not other state federal United States America country, (ii) consent submit exclusive jurisdiction for purposes Agreement, (iii) waive objection laying venue such Court, (v) waive, plead make, claim has been an improper inconvenient forum.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 8.5 , the Managing Member may keep confidential from Non-Managing Members, for such period time as determines in its sole and absolute discretion, information that (i) reasonably believes to be nature trade secrets or disclosure which good faith is not best interests Company could damage business (ii) required by law agreements with unaffiliated third parties confidential, provided, however, 8.5.D shall affect notice requirements set forth 8.5.C above.
During the Term, Company shall pay to Executive for performance of his duties under this Agreement an annual base salary $915,000 per year (the “ Base Salary ”), payable in accordance with Company’s normal payroll practices. The rate Executive’s will be reviewed and adjusted as appropriate regular compensation review Effective date any such adjustment, so considered new all purposes Agreement.
Pursuant to Article 20 of the Plan, Committee shall have power and right deduct or withhold, require Grantee remit Company, an amount sufficient satisfy any federal, state local taxes (including Grantee’s FICA obligations) required by law be withheld with respect this Award. The may condition delivery Shares upon satisfaction such withholding obligations. elect all part requirement tendering previously-owned having Company withhold a Fair Market Value equal minimum statutory (based on rates for tax purposes, as applicable, including payroll taxes) that could imposed transaction, and, extent so permits, amounts in excess it would not result additional accounting expense.
Any reportable event (as defined in Title IV of ERISA) which might constitute grounds for the termination any retirement plan Borrower or appointment by appropriate regulatory body a trustee to administer such shall have occurred and be continuing thirty (30) days after written notice effect been given terminated appointed plan, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation institute proceedings terminate appoint plan.
The Agreement shall be construed by and enforced in accordance with the laws of State Florida . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver the Agent an Assignment Assumption, together with a processing recordation fee of $3,500; provided however , that may, in its sole discretion, elect waive such case any assignment.
In the event that a dispute regarding benefits arises between Plan Administrator and Participants such is resolved through arbitration or litigation in court, prevailing party(ies) shall be entitled to their reasonable attorneys’ fees costs incurred action. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is in default material respect under or with to contract, agreement, lease, other instrument which Subsidiary a party. has received notice such
During the Employment Period through September 11, 2017, Company shall pay Employee a base salary at rate of $175,000 per annum (the "Base Salary"), to be paid in accordance with normal payroll practices Company. The Base Salary increased $185,000 year on 12, 2017 and thereafter may reviewed from time by Board for possible merit increases.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing deemed received (a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally and/or by messenger service, (b) confirmation receipt transmission facsimile (or, first Business Day following such (i) is not a or (ii) given after 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time) (c) nationally internationally recognized courier service Time), to parties at addresses set forth Purchase Agreement (or address for party as specified like notice).
No Credit Party will create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on of its assets, except for Permitted Liens. All late payments of any amounts due under this Agreement shall bear interest from the date until paid at four percent (4%) or prime plus three (prime + 3%) whichever is largest.
Schedule 3.15 sets forth a complete and correct list of all insurance policies maintained, owned or held by the Company relating to Property for which is obligated pay part premiums, true copies have been made available Purchaser Parties prior date hereof. Within five (5) business days following the Effective Date of this Agreement, MusclePharm shall pay to Capstone cash in amount Eleven Million Dollars (US $ 11,000,000) (“ Cash Amount ”) by wire transfer into account designated instructions attached hereto as Exhibit A .
For as long Purchaser is obligated to make Royalty Payments, within thirty (30) days after the last day of each calendar quarter, will deliver Spectrum a report Net Sales Licensed Product by Purchaser, its Affiliates and Sublicensees during preceding quarterly period (any such period, “ Payment Period ”), with all if any, due for covered being no later than [***] Period.
Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, protect, defend, indemnify, release hold harmless each of the Indemnified Parties from against any all Losses, including, but not limited to, Costs Remediation (whether or performed voluntarily), arising out in way relating to Environmental Laws, Hazardous Materials, Regulated Substances, above below ground storage tanks, other environmental matters concerning Properties Tenant’s default performance obligations under this Section 8.04. It is expressly understood agreed that shall survive without limitation expiration earlier termination Lease.
(a) The Borrower agrees to pay the Administrative Agent for account of each Lender a commitment fee, accruing at Applicable Rate on daily unused amount Commitment such during period from and including date hereof but excluding which is terminated. fees accrued through last day March, June, September December year shall be payable third Business Day following Commitments are terminated, commencing first occur after hereof. All computed basis 360 days actual number elapsed (including day).
The waiver by the Tribe of, or failure of to take action with respect to, any breach term, covenant, condition, provision, restriction, reservation herein contained shall not be deemed a such subsequent same, other contained. may grant term this Lease, but must in writing and signed before being effective. This Agreement may be amended from time to by the Board in its discretion; provided , however that this not modified a manner would have materially adverse effect on Award Shares as determined discretion of Board, except Plan or written document signed each parties hereto.
No consent, approval, authorization or order of, registration filing with, notice to any Governmental Authority court is required under applicable law in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by each Seller, Guarantor Seller Party Subsidiary of Program Agreement. This Agreement (including any exhibits hereto, the Company Disclosure Letter and Parent Letter) Confidentiality Agreement, dated August 29, 2016, between (the “ ”) Clean Team October 17, constitute entire agreement, supersede all other prior agreements, understandings, representations warranties both written oral, among parties, with respect to subject matter hereof.
If, at any time commencing on the date which is twelve (12) months prior to Initial Expiration Date or for a Renewal Term, 50% more of square feet Improvements are so damaged destroyed by fire other casualty that they rendered substantially untenantable, Lessee shall have right, upon ten (10) Business Days’ written notice Lessor, terminate this Lease. Upon Days following Lessor’s receipt such notice, Lease be deemed terminated and no further force effect all insurance proceeds in connection with casualty, paid to, retained by, Lessor free clear claim through Lessee.
Grantor will comply promptly with all laws, ordinances, regulations and orders of public authorities having jurisdiction over the Property relating to use, occupancy maintenance thereof, shall upon request submit Bank evidence such compliance. Nothing herein be deemed prohibit from contesting enforceability or applicability any law, ordinance, regulation order; provided, however, that Bank, in its sole discretion, may require order during pendency contest appeals therefrom. not permit portion thereof used for unlawful purpose.
With respect to events or circumstances relating the Acquired Assets, Assumed Liabilities Transferred Employees that occurred existed prior Closing are covered by Seller’s occurrence-based liability insurance policies and any workers’ compensation and/or comparable self-insurance, state country programs in effect Date (the “ Pre-Closing Insurance ”), Buyer may make claims under such after Closing, subject terms conditions thereof, Seller will take actions as be requested connection with tendering of applicable insurers provide net proceeds it realizes claims. open against shall use its commercially reasonable efforts, at Buyer’s expense, pursue obtain expected proceeds.
The Company intends that all payments and benefits under this Plan will either comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code 1986, as amended (the “ ”), regulations guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively and, accordingly, to maximum extent permitted, shall interpreted in compliance therewith, applicable. A duly executed and acknowledged bill of sale assignment for the Documents, conveying assigning to Buyer all Documents in form Exhibit D attached hereto (the “ Bill Sale ”).
Eligibility in the Plan is limited to Executive Officers and Key Managers who are key Company’s success as reviewed approved on an annual basis. The Compensation Committee will review approve Participants nominated by Chief Officer. An employee hired or promoted into eligible position during a Year not participate for that Year, except extent otherwise determined Committee. Participation does guarantee participation any subsequent but instead be reevaluated
This Agreement and the rights obligations of Assignor Assignee hereunder shall be binding upon inure to benefit und their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, governed by construed in accordance with laws State Georgia, may not modified or amended any manner other than a written agreement signed all parties hereto.
Such Seller is the record and beneficial owner of outstanding Shares set forth opposite such Seller’s name on Annex I hereto, has good marketable title to Shares, free clear all liens encumbrances. full right, power authority transfer deliver Buyer valid held by encumbrances other than as may be imposed Buyer. Immediately following closing, will have except are Except pursuant this Agreement, there no contractual obligation which has, directly or indirectly, granted any option, warrant right Person acquire equity interests in Company. not a party to, subject shareholders agreement, voting trust, proxy relating interests.
On the Termination Date, Company will pay you $________ (less all applicable withholding taxes and other deductions). This amount represents of your salary earned through Date accrued but unused vacation time one week severance pay. You acknowledge that, prior to execution this Agreement, were not entitled receive any additional money from that only payments benefits are in future those specified Agreement.
Bank of America shall be satisfied with the amount, types and terms conditions all insurance maintained by Loan Parties their subsidiaries. The Administrative Agent have received copies policies, declaration pages, certificates endorsements or binders evidencing liability, casualty, property, terrorism business interruption meeting requirements set forth in Documents. This Agreement may be executed in as many counterparts deemed necessary and convenient, by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall an original, but all such constitute one same instrument.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified or discharged unless such waiver, modification discharge is agreed to in writing signed by Indemnitee and the Company. waiver either party hereto at any time breach other compliance with condition performed shall deemed a similar dissimilar provisions conditions same prior subsequent time. agreements representations, oral otherwise, expressed implied respect subject matter hereof have been made that are not set forth expressly Agreement. This effect during all periods was director, officer employee Company, regardless date
The arbitration shall be governed by the United States Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. Section 1 – 16 and Federal Rules of Evidence. arbitrators apply substantive law State Pennsylvania, without reference to provisions relating conflict laws. not have power alter, modify, amend, add to, or subtract from any term provision this Agreement, nor rule upon grant extension, renewal, continuance Agreement. authority legal remedy available had parties submitted dispute a judicial proceeding.
This Second Amendment (a) will be construed and enforceable in accordance with the laws of State Illinois, without application its choice law rules; (b) binding upon inure to benefit parties hereto, their respective successors permitted assigns; (c) may modified or amended only by a written agreement executed delivered Landlord Tenant.
(a). (a) IF THE CLOSING FAILS TO OCCUR BECAUSE OF BUYER’S DEFAULT, DEPOSIT SHALL BE RETAINED BY SELLER AS LIQUIDATED DAMAGES. PARTIES HERETO EXPRESSLY AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SELLER’S ACTUAL DAMAGES IN EVENT A DEFAULT BUYER WOULD EXTREMELY DIFFICULT OR IMPRACTICABLE ASCERTAIN NATURE PROPERTY AMOUNT REPRESENTS PARTIES’ REASONABLE ESTIMATE SUCH PAYMENT IS NOT INTENDED FORFEITURE PENALTY WITHIN MEANING ANY APPLICABLE LAWS, BUT CONSTITUTE SELLER. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING CONTRARY CONTAINED THIS SECTION 18 , PROVISION SOLE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR BUYER, SHOULD DEEMED CONSTRUED LIMIT WAY INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER AGREEMENT.
In the event of default or breach by any party, and all remedies set forth in above paragraphs are intended to be non-exclusive, party may, addition said remedies, seek additional available either at law equity. This Agreement is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of Province British Columbia Canada applicable therein.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is insured by insurers recognized financial responsibility against such losses risks in amounts as the believes to be prudent customary businesses locations which are engaged. None or any has received written notice cancellation insurance, nor, Company’s Knowledge, will it Subsidiary unable renew existing insurance coverage when expires obtain similar from may necessary continue business without a material increase cost.
Without limiting Article VI , Officers and employees of the Company shall, in their capacities as such, be expected to perform duties make decisions furtherance best interests Company, regardless whether such or are designated seconded by a particular Member Director any Affiliates thereof. subject (a) same fiduciary duty loyalty officers corporations under Law State Delaware (b) liability for Damages performance (in addition liabilities arising from intentional fraud, bad faith failure act (taking into account Purpose Scope) knowing willful misconduct).
The Company is not in default the performance or observance of any material obligation, agreement, covenant condition contained indenture, mortgage, deed trust other instrument agreement to which it a party by its property bound, and neither execution, nor delivery Company, obligations under this Agreement exhibits attachments hereto, will conflict with result breach violation terms provisions of, constitute creation imposition lien charge on assets properties Certificate Incorporation, By-Laws, applicable statute, decree, judgment, order, rules regulation court governmental agency body having jurisdiction over properties, each case default, likely cause Material Adverse Effect.
There is no Action or any administrative other proceeding by before Governmental Entity pending or, to the Knowledge of Buyer, threatened, against Buyer that would reasonably be expected to, individually in aggregate, prevent materially delay consummation transactions contemplated hereby otherwise performance closing condition set forth Section 7.2 its material obligations under this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of State Delaware, applicable to contracts executed performed entirely within that State. Against Liabilities, etc . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with, governed enforced all respects by, the laws of State [State where Property is located].
The parties hereto agree that the Company would suffer irreparable harm from a breach by Executive of any covenants or agreements contained herein. Therefore, in event actual threatened provisions this Agreement, may, addition and supplementary to other rights remedies existing its favor, apply court law equity competent jurisdiction for specific performance and/or injunctive relief order enforce prevent violation hereof. agrees if lawsuit proceeding is brought terms Agreement determine validity prevails, will be entitled recover reasonable attorneys’ fees costs. these are reasonable.
This Agreement is made in the State of Ohio and validity, construction, interpretation, enforcement this Agreement, rights parties thereunder shall be determined under, governed by, construed accordance with internal laws Ohio, without regard to principles conflicts law. Service process, sufficient for personal jurisdiction any action against Company, may by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, address set forth Paragraph 24 hereof.
(a) At such time as the Loans, Reimbursement Obligations and other shall have been paid in full, Commitments terminated no Letters of Credit be outstanding, this Agreement all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive termination) Administrative Agent each Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder terminate, without delivery any instrument or performance act by party. request sole expense following termination, execute deliver documents reasonably evidence termination.
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of parties with respect to subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations between except extent that a is specifically addressed by any employment, severance, or change-in-control agreement Intrepid you (an “ Applicable Severance ”), in which instance relevant terms will govern.
This Agreement is to be construed under and governed by the laws of State Iowa, without regard conflicts principles. Notwithstanding any term or provision of this Agreement which may be construed to the contrary, each Base Rate Loan shall in an amount no less than $1,000,000 and integral multiple $100,000 excess thereof.
This Agreement is being executed and delivered, intended to be performed, in the State of North Carolina, laws Carolina govern validity, construction, enforcement interpretation this Agreement, without regard to, or effect of, any choice conflict law principles rules, unless otherwise specified herein. By executing parties consent exclusive venue jurisdiction federal state court sitting County Durham action arising out way related Agreement. The irrevocably unconditionally submit (both subject matter personal) such waive: (i) objection party might now hereafter have court; (ii) claim that proceeding brought has been an inconvenient forum.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article XII, the provisions XII shall only apply to a Qualifying Change Control (as defined below) occurring on or after February 24, 2016 (the “ Special Provision Effective Date ”) and be applicable Participants who were employed by their Employer from Date. Except as otherwise provided in Profits Interest Unit Award Agreement entered into Date, deemed incorporated reference all Agreements issued under Plan, including those Prior Plan.
Each Loan Party shall keep accurate and complete records of its Inventory in the United States Canada consistent all material respects with historical practices, submit to Agent inventory reconciliation reports (which set forth information by location) form reasonably satisfactory Agent, on such periodic basis as may request. Subject Section 10.1.9 , conduct (or cause be conducted) a physical at least once per calendar year (and more frequent if requested when an Event Default exists) cycle counts provide report based each count promptly upon completion thereof, together supporting participate observe count.
Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings given thereto in Agreement. Effective as of the Closing: (a) Sellers hereby irrevocably assign and delegate to Buyer all their rights, remedies, duties obligations under Transaction Documents; (b) Buyer, by its execution this Agreement, purchases, assumes accepts such assignment delegation agrees be bound terms conditions Note Purchase Agreement other Documents.
File or cause to be filed all federal, state and other material tax returns reports that are required pay Taxes shown due payable on said any assessments made against it of its property, Taxes, fees charges imposed property by Governmental Authority (other (i) than the amount validity which contested in good faith appropriate proceedings with respect reserves conformity GAAP provided books relevant Group Member (ii) where failure do so could not reasonably expected have a Material Adverse Effect).
The closing of the sale and purchase Shares (the “ Closing ”) shall take place on Effective Date, remotely via exchange documents signatures, or at such other date location as may be agreed upon by Company Purchaser. In the event that any of provisions this Agreement are held to be invalid or unenforceable in whole part, all other will nevertheless continue valid and enforceable with parts severed from remainder Agreement.
In the event of any change in outstanding Shares Common Stock by reason stock split, dividend or other non-recurring dividends distributions, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination, repurchase exchange stock, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution similar corporate transaction that affects Stock, an adjustment shall be made, as Administrator deems necessary appropriate, order to prevent dilution enlargement benefits potential intended made available under Plan. Such may include number and class which delivered Plan, number, price subject Awards, issuable pursuant Options, numerical limits Sections 3 6(b) Notwithstanding preceding, Award always a whole number.
Each party represents and warrants to the other that no broker, agent or finder negotiated was instrumental in negotiating consummating this First Amendment than Hughes Marino, representing Tenant Jones Lang LaSalle, Landlord (collectively, " Brokers "), who shall be compensated by pursuant a separate agreement. further agrees defend, indemnify hold harmless from against any claim for commission finder's fee person entity claims alleges they were retained engaged first at request of such connection with Amendment.
For any reason, this Repurchase Agreement at time shall not be in full force and effect or ceases to enforceable accordance with its terms, Lien granted pursuant thereto, Person (other than Buyer) contest the validity, enforceability, perfection priority of party thereto seek disaffirm, terminate, limit reduce obligations hereunder. Purchaser has the right, power, authority and capacity to execute deliver this Agreement, consummate transactions contemplated hereby perform its obligations under Agreement. This Agreement constitutes legal, valid binding of Purchaser, enforceable against in accordance with terms hereof.
Effective as of the date hereof (the “ First Amendment Date ”), (a) Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by this and for ease reference restated (after giving effect to Amendment) in form Appendix A hereto Agreement, so Amendment, being referred Amended (b) Schedule IB read provided on attached (which shall include 2016 Term Commitments Date) (c) Exhibit F hereto. This constitute an Incremental purposes including Section 2.06(d) thereof.
Seller acknowledges and agrees that (i) the covenants, obligations agreements of contained in this Agreement relate to special, unique extraordinary matters, (ii) 1347 Capital is will be relying on such covenants connection with entering into Merger performance its under Agreement, (iii) a violation any terms or cause irreparable injury for which adequate remedies are not available at law. Therefore, shall entitled an specific performance, injunction, restraining order other equitable relief (without requirement post bond) as court competent jurisdiction may deem necessary appropriate restrain from committing agreements.
The Seller agrees to take, or cause be taken , from and after the Closing Date, such further actions execute, deliver file, executed, delivered filed, documents instruments as may necessary in order fully effectuate purposes, terms conditions of this Agreement, hereby cooperate any Company shall request. Each party shall bear its own fees, costs and expenses in connection with Dispute resolution.
During the Employment Term, Executive will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with Company’s standard accrual policies for its senior executive officers as effect from time time; provided that during each calendar year at least four weeks of such vacation. All payments to be made by any Guarantor pursuant this Guaranty shall in Dollars, immediately available funds the Administrative Agent at Principal Office, not later than 2:00 p.m. on date of demand therefor.
If necessary to enable any enforcement action undertaken by either Party, the Parties agree be joined as parties such action. Each Party agrees cooperate reasonably in under this Article 7 which is controlled other provided that controlling party reimburses cooperating for costs and expenses incurred connection with providing assistance, except expense of independent counsel retained BIDMC accordance Section 7.3. Such shall keep informed progress proceedings make its available party. The also entitled but at own expense, said offset against damages received bringing suit 7.6.
The Plan shall become effective upon its adoption by the Board. Options and Stock Awards may be granted immediately thereafter; provided, that no Option exercised Award under until it is approved stockholders of Company, in manner to extent required Applicable Law, within 12 months after date continue effect for a term ten years from Plan’s Board unless terminated earlier Section 16 herein.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, any Borrower may request issuance of Letters Credit denominated in Dollars or Alternative Currencies for such Borrower’s own account (or its Restricted Subsidiaries), a form reasonably acceptable Administrative Agent applicable Issuing Bank, at time from during Revolving Availability Period. In event inconsistency between this Agreement letter credit application other agreement submitted by to, entered into with, Bank relating Letter Credit, shall control. All Existing be deemed have been issued pursuant hereto, after Closing Date subject governed hereof.
A monthly salary of $20,833.33, payable semi-monthly in cash for so long as Executive is employed by the Company. This amount may be increased Company from time to time, but not decreased this base level, or any future without Executive’s express written approval. No event shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the consummation of transaction contemplated hereunder under Credit Documents that constitute an Event Default a Default.
By execution below, the Transferor expressly acknowledges and consents to pledge of 2016-1 SUBI Certificate assignment all rights obligations related thereto by Transferee Indenture Trustee pursuant for benefit Noteholders. In addition, hereby agrees that so long as Notes are Outstanding, will have right exercise powers, privileges claims under this Agreement.
This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each the parties; provided, however , that no amendment, modification or supplement shall made to this would adversely affect rights Financing Sources as set forth Section 8.3 9.6 9.7 9.12 and 9.15 without consent Sources.
This Note shall in all respects be governed and enforced by construed accordance with the laws of State Texas (without reference to choice law principles thereof), including, without limitation, matters construction, validity performance. All actions or proceedings arising connection this tried litigated only state federal courts located Harris County, Texas.
THIS RATIFICATION AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF STATE NEW YORK. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate, and all rights obligations hereunder cease, upon such time as there are no Registrable Securities, except for provisions of Sections 5.8, 5.12, 5.13, 5.14, 5.15 Article 7, which survive termination.
All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be given in the form manner Section 10.02 of Credit Agreement, and, if to Agent, mailed, sent, or delivered Agent accordance with Borrower, Borrower Specified Cash Management Provider, sent address set forth below, or, each case as any party, at such designated by party a written notice party.
EMPLOYEE agrees that for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following the Effective Date this Agreement, will not directly or indirectly solicit any COMPANY’S employees to leave their employment at COMPANY. reaffirms Non-Solicitation obligation contained in his EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT. Nothing herein, including confidentiality and non-disparagement provisions, shall be construed limit EMPLOYEE’S right (1) respond accurately fully question, inquiry request information when required by legal process (2) disclose regulatory bodies. is contact COMPANY before engaging such communications. he use best efforts cooperate with its counsel available provide truthful testimony other times as are reasonably requested EMPLOYEE.
Neither Party may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of other Party, which be withheld in Party’s absolute discretion. A Stockholding Change will constitute an assignment by either for required. Such relieve assigning and liabilities hereunder incurred accrued to date assignment. This binding on, inure benefit of, permitted successors assigns Parties.
The Company shall reimburse the Executive for all normal, usual and necessary expenses incurred by in furtherance of business affairs Company, including reasonable travel entertainment, upon timely receipt appropriate vouchers or other proof Executive's expenditures otherwise accordance with any expense reimbursement policy as may from time to be adopted Company.
Effective as of the Date, Company shall employ Executive for period and in position set forth this Section 1 , subject to other terms conditions herein provided. The term of Customer’s license the Space from CoreSite Party, as defined in applicable Order. Unless stated otherwise Order, Term is months. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will deemed to an original, but all together constitute and the same instrument. shall not effective unless by parties prior March 31, 2016.
Your rights of indemnification under the Company’s organizational documents, any plan or agreement at law otherwise and your thereunder to director’s officer’s liability insurance coverage for, in both cases, actions as an officer Company shall survive Separation from Service. The Purchase Agreement and all other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Agreement) are hereby terminated with respect to First Exchange Note, but remain full force effect Second Note. All references Note shall hereafter be deemed
In no event will Contractor be liable to the Company or any third party for damages, including, but not limited to, service interruptions caused by acts of God, other circumstances beyond Contractor’s reasonable control; and all failures provider, telecommunications carrier, internet backbone, servers, Company’s computer software, site visitor's even if has been advised possibility such damages.
(a) THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT TORT OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT RELATING TO (EXCEPT, AS DOCUMENT, EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED ACCORDANCE WITH, LAW STATE NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD CONFLICT LAWS PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD RESULT APPLICATION THAN YORK.
(a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation the Borrowers Borrower hereunder under other Loan Document shall be made free clear without deduction for Indemnified Taxes Other except as required applicable law; provided that if law to deduct from such payments, then (i) sum payable increased necessary so after making deductions (including additional sums this Section) Applicable Agent, Lender Issuing Bank (as case may be) receives an amount equal it would have received had no been made, (ii) make (iii) pay full deducted relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with law.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.09, each of the Parent, Borrower and Subsidiaries has filed all U.S. Federal income Tax returns other tax that are required to be by it paid material Taxes due pursuant such or any assessment received Subsidiary, except being contested in good faith appropriate proceedings diligently conducted for which adequate reserves maintained accordance with GAAP. The charges, accruals books respect governmental charges are, opinion adequate. No lien been and, knowledge Parent Borrower, no claim is asserted charge.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under shall be assigned by Party (whether operation Law otherwise) without prior written consent Company and Requisite Consenting Noteholders, other than an assignment a Commitment expressly permitted Section 2.5 2.7 purported in violation 10.2 void ab initio. Except as provided Article VIII with respect to Indemnified Persons, (including documents instruments referred Agreement) is not intended does confer upon Person rights remedies Parties.
Any waiver of any right or obligation under this Agreement shall be effective only if set forth in a writing duly executed by the Member against whom is to enforced. No consent waiver, express implied, breach default other performance its obligations hereunder deemed construed such (or Member) same hereunder. Failure on part complain act declare default, irrespective how long failure continues, not constitute rights
Upon the death of Executive, Executive’s employment with Company shall terminate. Each Credit Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, at all times preserve keep in full force effect existence rights franchises, licenses permits material to business, except the extent permitted by Section 8.10 or not constituting an Asset Sale hereunder.
This Guaranty, together with the other Loan Documents, comprises complete and integrated agreement of parties on subject matter hereof thereof supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, such matter. In event any conflict between provisions this Guaranty those Document, Credit Agreement shall control; provided that inclusion supplemental rights remedies in favor Administrative Agent Secured Parties Document not be deemed a Guaranty.
Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or mailed U.S. registered certified mail, return receipt requested postage prepaid. In the case of Employee, notices addressed him her at home address that Employee most recently communicated Company writing. Company, 12930 IH 10 West, San Antonio, Texas 78249, directed attention General Counsel.
At any time before the Closing, either Seller or Buyer may, in writing, (a) extend for performance of obligation other acts person, (b) waive breaches inaccuracies representations and warranties person contained this Agreement document delivered pursuant to Agreement, (c) compliance with covenant, agreement condition but such waiver shall not operate as a of, estoppel respect to, subsequent failure. No failure on part party exercise, no delay exercising, right, power remedy under Transaction Document thereof, nor single partial exercise by preclude further thereof remedy.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of parties hereto their respective successors, heirs (in case Executive) permitted assigns. is personal Executive neither this nor any rights hereunder may assigned by Executive. No or obligations Company under transferred except that such pursuant a merger consolidation in which not continuing entity, sale all substantially assets Company, provided assignee transferee successor assumes liabilities, duties as contained Agreement, either contractually matter law.
Tenant hereby confirms that Landlord has fully performed all of its obligations under the Lease and agrees as date hereof, there is no defense, setoff or counterclaim against otherwise affecting Tenant’s Lease. Other than may be expressly provided in this Amendment, are outstanding allowances credits remain owing to The provisions of this Mortgage shall be governed by and construed under the laws state in which Mortgaged Property is located.
Murphy USA, the Company and each other Loan Party will execute any all further documents, financing statements, agreements instruments, take such actions (including filing recording of statements documents), that may be required under applicable law, or Administrative Agent reasonably request, to cause Collateral Guarantee Requirement remain satisfied at times otherwise effectuate provisions Documents, expense Parties. USA provide Agent, from time upon evidence satisfactory as perfection priority Liens created intended by Security Documents.
Executive shall serve as Chief Financial Officer and report directly to the Company’s President (“ CEO ”). commence employment on December 29, 2015. have authority, perform duties customarily associated with his title office together such additional may from time be assigned by CEO. During term of Executive’s hereunder, devote full working efforts performance furtherance interests Company not otherwise employed.
EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDINGS BROUGHT THE OTHER CONNECTION WITH MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR WAY CONNECTED TRANSACTION, THIS AGREEMENT, PROPERTY RELATIONSHIP BUYER AND SELLER HEREUNDER. The closing (the “ Closing ”) of the purchase Shares by Buyer shall occur at offices Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP, 525 W. Monroe Street, Chicago, IL 60661.
The Company and its Subsidiaries have insured their properties assets against such risks in amounts as are customary for companies engaged similar businesses. All premiums due payable respect of material insurance policies maintained by the been paid. reasonably believes that or on behalf is adequate all respects. As date hereof, to Knowledge Company, neither nor any has received notice from insurer agent with cancellation termination policies, other than notices which ordinary course business expired accordance terms.
Except as otherwise required by law, all payments and obligations of the Company under Section (6) shall be conditioned upon execution delivery Executive to a full effective release any claims he has or may have against member AVANGRID Group each their respective directors, members, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, in form substance reasonably satisfactory Company.
Directly or indirectly enter into permit to exist any material transaction with Affiliate of Borrower, except for transactions that are in the ordinary course Borrower’s business, upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable Borrower than would be obtained an arm’s length a non-affiliated Person. Schedule 5.12 sets forth as of the Closing Date a true, complete and correct list Borrower each Subsidiary any Loan Party (i) its jurisdiction incorporation or organization (ii) other than with respect to Borrower, ownership (by holder percentage interest).
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and agreement between parties supersedes, cancels replaces any prior understanding, or statement of intent, in each case, written oral, every nature with respect thereto. In event inconsistency this document executed delivered to effect purposes Agreement, including bylaws (or equivalent organizational governing documents) company, shall govern as among hereto.
You will be eligible to participate in any and all benefit programs that the Company establishes makes available its employees from time time, provided you meet specific eligibility criteria as set forth (and subject provisions of) plan documents governing those programs. The benefits made by Company, rules, terms conditions for participation such plans, may changed at without advance notice. In no way limiting foregoing, shall reimbursed your costs related negotiation (or renegotiation) of this Agreement, including limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees pay or reimburse financial planning assistance incurred during 2016.
No delay on Subordinated Lender’s part in exercising any power of sale, lien, option or other right hereunder, and no notice demand which may be given to made upon Borrower by Lender with respect shall constitute a waiver thereof, limit impair take action exercise option, without demand, prejudice rights as against respect.
Each of the parties hereto agrees, at its own cost and expense, to execute deliver, or cause be executed delivered, all such instruments (including necessary endorsements) take action as other party may reasonably request in order (i) effectuate intent purposes of, carry out terms this Agreement, (ii) further effect transfer legal record ownership Securities Purchaser.
The Contractor agrees that he will not, during the Term or thereafter, divulge to anyone (other than Company any persons designated by Company) knowledge information of type whatsoever a confidential nature relating business Company, including, without limitation, all types trade secrets, strategies, marketing, sales and distribution plans. further not disclose, publish make use such in performance Contractor’s duties hereunder) prior written consent Company. This provision does apply which becomes available publicly fault is required disclose legal proceedings, provided gives advance notice Board an opportunity for resist disclosure.
In addition to other remedies available in law or equity, the Note shall be deemed and considered an irrevocable instrument for payment of money only, enforceable on its face by terms summary proceeding or, at election holder thereof, a regular proceeding. entitled reimbursement any all costs fees relating enforcement this Agreement Common Stock, including legal fees.
Unless specifically provided otherwise in the Award Agreement, if employment of a Participant is terminated for any reason other than Cause, death, Disability or Retirement, all unvested Options held by on date termination shall terminate immediately and vested remain exercisable (i) case Chief Executive Officer, six (6) months following (or, an Incentive Stock Option, ninety (90) days termination), but no event later expiration such as specified applicable Option Agreement (ii) Participant, termination, Agreement. If not exercised during this period, it be void deemed to have been forfeited further force effect.
In addition to the Base Salary and Incentive Compensation, Employee will be entitled such benefits as may available from time for executives of Employer similarly situated or individually. All awarded administered in accordance with Employer’s standard policies practices. Such include, by way example only, profit-sharing plans, retirement, life disability insurance other deems appropriate. shall provide health at its expense same level coverage existed Employee’s termination employment his spouse ___ years after date expiration this Agreement unless pursuant is terminated Cause which event, under no obligation Agreement.
The Company may terminate your employment in accordance with applicable laws the event that you shall be prevented, by illness, accident, disability or any other physical mental condition (to determined means of a written opinion competent medical doctor chosen mutual agreement and personal representative(s)) from substantially performing duties responsibilities hereunder for one more periods totaling hundred twenty (120) days twelve (12) month period.
No Party may assign its rights or obligations pursuant to this Amendment without the prior written consent of other Parties. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in Agreement. This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the internal laws, not law of conflicts, State New York applicable to agreements made performed that State. The venue Courts Westchester County without regard conflict rules.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive’s personal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees legatees. In event death after his termination employment but prior completion Company all payments due him under this Agreement, continue such beneficiary designated in writing (or estate, if Executive fails make designation), subject Section 6, above. The require any successor expressly assume agree perform same manner extent that would required it no succession had taken place.
The Executive shall have such duties and responsibilities during the Term as specified by Chief Officer of Company, to whom directly report who supervise Executive’s work on a regular basis (the “Direct Supervisor”). These may be modified from time in manner consistent with position. agrees serve director and/or officer any subsidiary Company at level commensurate his position reasonably requested Board or Direct Supervisor.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be one year from the date first noted above, unless such is terminated earlier pursuant to paragraph 12 below (the “Term”). automatically renew for successive one-year renewal. The Corporation expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement in order to induce Indemnitee continue serve as a director and/or officer of the acknowledges is relying upon continuing such capacity.
The authorized capital stock of Fin consists 300,000,000 shares common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, which 90,000,000 are presently issued and outstanding. Such owned record beneficially by the Shareholders in amounts reflected Schedule A. has not granted, or agreed to grant, issue make available any warrants, options, subscription rights other commitments character relating unissued Fin. All duly validly issued, fully paid non-assessable.
If, as a result of any WFM audit there is evidence that was overcharged or did not receive amount due, then UNFI will promptly pay the thereof. In addition, [*CONFIDENTIAL*]. If payable to exceeds 2% aggregate should have been charged applicable reasonable expense. This Agreement is governed by and shall be interpreted according to federal law the laws of Massachusetts. If state or local are Inconsistent, if preempted law, governs. Bank has greater rights remedies under whether as a national bank otherwise, this paragraph not deemed deprive such may available law.
Any delay or omission by any Party to exercise right remedy under this Agreement shall not be construed a waiver of such other hereunder . All the rights cumulative and may exercised separately concurrently. If the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section, Administrative Agent and Borrower shall determine effective date (the " Increase Effective Date ") final allocation of such increase. The promptly notify Lenders increase Date.
All amounts payable and calculations hereunder will be in United States dollars paid by bank wire transfer immediately available funds to such account as may designated writing the payee Party from time time. Whenever for purposes of calculating Profit or royalties under Section 8.4 8.5 , conversion any foreign currency required, all first calculated which activity was sale recorded then converted into applying rate exchange quoted New York edition The Wall Street Journal on last Business Day paying applicable Contract Quarter.
Any waiver, alteration, amendment or modification of any provisions this Agreement shall not be valid unless in writing and signed by the Company Consultant. Effective from and after the date of this Agreement, for a period three years following each Seller shall not (and cause its Representatives (including Sean Traynor) to) knowingly defame or disparage any Releasee, whether in writing orally Buyer Affiliates Traynor Thomas Scully), orally.
All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing given or made (and deemed to have been duly upon receipt) by delivery person, courier service, telecopy registered certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) the respective parties at their addresses set forth preamble this Agreement (or such address for a party as specified notice accordance with Section 11.4).
Borrower is a corporation, and after giving effect to the Exelon-PHI Merger Conversion, will be limited liability company, each of its Subsidiaries partnership or duly properly incorporated organized, as case may be, validly existing (to extent such concept applies entity) in good standing under laws jurisdiction (or, if applicable, jurisdictions) incorporation organization has all requisite authority conduct business which conducted, except where failure do so could not reasonably expected have Material Adverse Effect.
Any notices provided for in your Option or the Plan will be given writing (including electronically) and deemed effectively upon receipt or, case of delivered by mail Company to you, five (5) days after deposit United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed you at last address Company. The may, its sole discretion, decide deliver any documents related participation this electronic means request consent participate means. By accepting Option, receive such delivery through an on-line system established maintained another third party designated
Seller has delivered to Buyer, no later than five (5) Business Days prior the Closing Date, a schedule setting forth (i) authorized share capital of Company and (ii) ownership issued outstanding shares stock Company, in each case as immediately Closing. There are or options, warrants, convertible exchangeable securities, calls, subscriptions other rights relating obligating issue, transfer sell any warrants securities with respect Company.
The Sellers have the requisite power and authority to execute deliver this Agreement, perform its obligations hereunder consummate transactions contemplated hereby. Novogratz is a trustee of, has signing exclusive investment for, each of Trusts. execution delivery Agreement by Sellers, performance their under been duly validly authorized all necessary action. This executed delivered constitutes legal, valid binding obligation enforceable against in accordance with terms (except extent that enforceability may be limited applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or similar Laws affecting enforcement creditors' rights generally general principles equity).
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all taken together constitute single agreement. Signatures to this transmitted by facsimile email, and such transmission a valid original. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of State New York without regard to principles conflicts law thereof (other than Sections 5-1401 5-1402 General Obligations Law).
This sets forth the entire agreement of parties hereinafter in respect subject matter contained herein and supersedes all prior agreements, letters intent, promises, covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties, whether oral written, by an officer, executive representative any party hereto; hereto to herein, including Prior Agreement. Executive acknowledges agrees that no Employer is authorized offer term condition employment which addition different than those set this Agreement .
This Agreement, together with the Change of Control constitutes entire agreement and understanding between parties hereto respect to employment Executive, terminates supersedes any all prior agreements, understandings representations, whether written or oral, by their affiliates which may have governed Executive. All Awards and payments under this Agreement are subject to withholding of all applicable taxes. Such obligations shall be satisfied through amounts that the Participant is otherwise receive upon settlement. In no event will permitted elect withhold in excess minimum tax requirements.
The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event any of provisions this Agreement were not performed accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breached. Accordingly, each party shall be entitled to performance hereof, including an injunction injunctions prevent breaches and enforce specifically Delaware Court Chancery, being addition other remedy which such is at law equity. Each hereby further waives requirement under post security as a prerequisite obtaining equitable relief.
During the Term, Chairman shall have such duties, authorities and responsibilities as are consistent with his position commit time is reasonably necessary to fulfill duties responsibilities. The be available Chief Executive Officer other members of management Company needed. also attend meetings Board any Subsidiary Boards which he appointed (whether in person or by means conference telephone communications equipment).
This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first above written (the “ Effective Date ”) when (a) Administrative Agent have received counterparts this that, taken together, bear signatures Borrower and a Majority in Interest Revolving Lenders (b) payment all fees expenses required to be paid or reimbursed by any other Loan Party under connection with Document, including those set forth Section 15 hereof.
No failure or delay on the part of Secured Party in exercise any power, right privilege hereunder under other Transaction Document shall impair such be construed to a waiver default acquiescence therein, nor single partial preclude further thereof privilege. All rights, powers and remedies existing this Agreement Documents are cumulative, not exclusive of, rights otherwise available. Any forbearance exercise, exercising, right, power remedy thereof, it remedy.
Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective the extent prohibition unenforceability without invalidating remaining provisions hereof, and shall not ( i ) invalidate render other ii Lien Priority application Proceeds priorities set forth Agreement. Any Participant who is a current Employee upon the effective date of Change Control shall become one hundred percent (100%) vested in his or her Incentive Payment.
Any and all notices, requests, demands other communications provided for by this Agreement will be in writing effective when delivered person, consigned to a reputable national or international courier service (including Federal Express), addressed you at your last known address on the books of Company or, case Company, Company’s principal place business, attention President such as either party may specify notice actually received.
This Agreement sets forth this entire between the Company (and any of its related or affiliated entities, officers, agents, owners representatives) and Employee relating to subject matter herein, supersedes all prior discussions agreements, whether written oral, on hereof. To extent that may conflict with terms another agreement Company, will control.
Indemnitee shall, as a condition precedent to his or her right be indemnified under this Agreement, give the Company notice in writing soon practicable of any claim made against for which indemnification will could sought Agreement. Notice shall directed Chief Executive Officer and given accordance with provisions Section 12(d) below. In addition, such information cooperation it may reasonably require within Indemnitee's power.
Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, (i) where appropriate singular shall include plural and masculine feminine or neuter, vice versa, to extent necessary give terms defined herein otherwise used in this Agreement proper meanings, (ii) occurrences of words “include,” “includes” “including” be deemed followed by “without limitation.” The Company have knowledge any action, omission, fact, condition, occurrence event if director officer has such event.
The Company (or Diamond, as applicable) shall reimburse Executive for reasonable expenses incurred by in the furtherance of or connection with performance Executive’s duties hereunder, consistent how handles expense guidelines and reimbursement Similarly Situated Executives, which procedure all such executives is subject to change from time time. You are not required to pay for the Performance Units or Shares underlying granted you pursuant this Agreement.
EACH PARTY TO THIS NOTE IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS SUCH MAY HAVE DEMAND THAT ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF IN WAY RELATED THE RELATIONSHIPS PARTIES HERETO BE TRIED BY JURY. WAIVER EXTENDS A TRIAL JURY UNDER COMMON LAW APPLICABLE STATUTE, LAW, RULE REGULATION. FURTHER, ACKNOWLEDGES IS KNOWINGLY VOLUNTARILY WAIVING PARTY'S RIGHT
If a n y provision of this Agreement shall be declared to invalid or unenforceable, in whol e part , the remainder amended provide parties with equivalent same rights and obligations as provided original provisions Agreement. Costs of administration the terms and conditions this Agreement will be paid by Company.
Except as otherwise provided in the Securities Purchase Agreement, Agent and each Purchaser may assign or transfer this Agreement any all rights obligations hereunder without consent of Grantor prior notice. No shall written expressly Agreement. Notwithstanding foregoing, if there should be assignment by operation law contravention terms otherwise, then covenants, agreements, representations warranties made herein pursuant hereto on behalf bind successors assigns such Grantor, together with preexisting whether not new additional Persons execute a joinder assumption hereof (without same being deemed waiver default caused thereby) which condition to Event Default arising out assignment. The privileges under inure benefit its assigns.
The rules of interpretation specified in the Credit Agreement (including Section 1.2 thereof) shall be applicable to this Agreement. This Warrant may be amended, modified, or supplemented only pursuant to a written instrument making specific reference this and signed by Company Holder. Phantom Stock may be paid in Common or cash any combination of the two, as determined by Board and contained agreement.
The party making a claim under this Article VIII is referred to as the “Indemnified Party”, and against whom such claims are asserted “Indemnifying Party”. If any Indemnified Party receives notice of assertion or commencement action made brought by Person who not Agreement an Affiliate Representative foregoing (a “ Third Claim ”), shall give Indemnifying thereof. Such set forth in reasonable detail nature claim, include copies written complaint, summons, correspondence other communication from asserting initiating action.
The Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Escrow Agent each of its officers, directors employees from against any all loss, liability, cost, damage, claim expense, including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees expenses or other professional which such persons suffers incurs by reason action, proceeding brought Agent, arising out relating in way to Agent’s appointment as hereunder, this Agreement transaction relates, unless expense have been finally adjudicated directly caused willful misconduct gross negligence employees. provisions Section 8(a) survive resignation removal termination Agreement.
All fees and expenses due payable to the Administrative Agent, Joint Lead Arrangers any other Credit Party shall have been paid. Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies property insurance, liability environmental in such amounts, subject to deductibles self-insurance retentions covering properties risks as is customarily maintained by similarly situated businesses, the Borrower will furnish any Lender upon request full information carried.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of State Nevada, without application principles conflicts laws. This Agreement may be modified, amended or otherwise changed only in a writing signed by all of the parties hereto, case Investors, Legion Representative, their respective successors assigns. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules regulations promulgated thereunder.
Comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure do so, individually in aggregate, would not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect; provided , that this Section 6.06 shall apply Environmental Laws, which are subject 6.09, laws related Taxes, 6.03.
This Agreement, together with any Accepted Orders and warranties incorporated by reference herein pursuant to Section 7.5 , constitute the final, complete exclusive statement of Parties’ agreement on matters contained herein. All prior contemporaneous negotiations agreements between Parties in this Agreement are superseded Agreement. In event conflict specific provision body terms schedule such will control.
Each provision of this Agreement is intended to be severable. If any term or held invalid, void, unenforceable by a court competent jurisdiction for reason whatsoever, such ruling shall not affect the remainder Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall deemed an original, but all constitute one and the same instrument.
Immediately upon the occurrence of a Forbearance Default: (1) Period shall immediately and automatically cease without notice or further action to, by, any party, (2) Holder be entitled to exercise all its rights remedies under Debenture Documents, Note, this Agreement, stipulations other documents executed in connection with related Agreement Documents applicable law, including, limitation, appointment receiver, (3) Company each Guarantor cooperate Holder’s repossession personal property Collateral, surrender request, at time place designated by Holder, Collateral possession, and/or (4) may set off apply payment Obligations obligations due deposit balances, proceeds thereof.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between parties and supersedes all prior oral written agreements hereto with respect to subject matter hereof, including, but not limited to, Previous Employment Agreement, which is terminated no longer in force effect. Neither this nor any provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or orally, except by a statement writing signed party against which, enforcement change, waiver discharge termination sought. The Company Executive hereby agree that as of Effective Date, terms conditions are
Notices and communications under this Agreement must be in writing either personally delivered or sent by registered certified United States mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. to the Company addressed to: Micron Technology, Inc., 8000 S. Federal Way, P.O. Box 6, Boise, ID 83716-9632, Attn: Corporate Secretary, any other address designated a written notice Grantee. Grantee will directed of then currently on file with Company, at given Company.
This offer letter sets forth the full and complete agreement between you Company regarding your employment with Company. letter, along enclosed Employee Proprietary Information Inventions Agreement, Authorization Release Form for Background Check Change in Control Severance Agreement set terms of any additional or contrary terms, representations, offers agreements, whether written oral, that may have been made to are hereby revoked superseded their entirety by this offer. not be modified amended except a agreement, signed Chief Executive Officer you.
Unless otherwise provided in the Plan, Participant’s Performance-Vested Stock Units shall vest accordance with terms and conditions set forth Notice of Unit Award. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which when so and delivered shall an original, but all constitute one the same instrument. Delivery counterparts this by telecopy or electronic transmission a "PDF" copy effective as original representation that promptly upon request.
In the event of a breach or threatened by Executive any provisions this Agreement, hereby consents and agrees that Employer shall be entitled to seek, in addition other available remedies, temporary permanent injunction equitable relief against such from court competent jurisdiction, without necessity showing actual damages money would not afford an adequate remedy, posting bond security. The aforementioned to, lieu of, legal monetary forms relief.
No amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision this Agreement, and no consent to departure by the Buyer therefrom, shall in event be effective unless same writing signed each Buyer, applicable Seller, Applicable Parties. Each party’s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Administrative Agent any assignment rights by, of, a Lender, termination Commitments and repayment, satisfaction discharge all Obligations Loan Document.
Company shall, within 30 days, pay to Employee’s designee or, if no person is designated, estate, accrued and unpaid Base Salary bonus, subject the terms of any applicable bonus plan, through date termination, payments required under employee benefit plans. In the case of death a Participant, either while providing services to Company or its subsidiaries, prior distribution Participant’s entire Account balance, balance shall be distributed Beneficiary as soon administratively possible and in no event later than 90 days following Participant. The value determined date on which Participant dies.
(a) Each Grantor agrees to pay or reimburse each Secured Party for all its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs expenses incurred in collecting against such under this Agreement otherwise enforcing preserving any rights the other Loan Documents which is a party, including, without limitation, fees disbursements of counsel Administrative Agent, case, extent Borrower would be required do so pursuant Section 11.04 Credit Agreement.
This Agreement may be amended, supplemented, waived or modified by the written consent of Managing Member in its sole discretion without approval any other Person; provided , that to extent such amendment, supplement, waiver modification would adversely affect rights holders given class Units (other than Member), amendment shall require a majority then outstanding each held Members than, and, for purposes determining whether have consented, excluding are Member); further, (x) Articles X and XI provisions governing obligations DB Holder Majority capacity as not waived, nor modifications this made similar effect, prior (y) Article Fertitta Holder.
Upon the occurrence of any event triggering prepayment requirement under clauses (i) through (iii) above, Borrower shall promptly deliver a Notice Prepayment to Administrative Agent and upon receipt such notice, so notify Lenders. Each Loans or (ii) this Section be applied as directed by either (A) prepay Term on pro rata basis (each remaining scheduled principal installments within each tranche) and/or (B) repay Revolving Credit pursuant 2.4(d) , without corresponding reduction in Commitment. clause follows: first second extent excess, permanently reduce Commitment 2.5(b) outstanding accordance with .
If a Change in Control (as defined below) shall occur at any time during the term of this Agreement, Officer may terminate her employment for reason or no by delivering notice writing (the “Notice Termination”) to Bank within thirty (30) days which termination be effective immediately upon delivery such Notice Termination. In event that delivers Termination Bank, Officer’s is otherwise terminated without Cause following Control, entitled receive, twenty (20) termination, lump sum payment an amount equal two times (a) then salary being paid Officer, plus (b) last annual cash bonus earned Officer.
The Company represents and warrants to the Executive that (i) it is fully authorized by action of its Board (and any other person or body whose required) enter into this Agreement perform obligations under programs, plans arrangements referred in it; (ii) execution, delivery performance does not violate applicable law, regulation, order, judgment decree agreement, arrangement, plan corporate governance document which a party bound; (iii) upon execution parties, shall be valid binding obligation Company, enforceable against accordance with terms, except extent enforceability may limited bankruptcy, insolvency similar laws affecting enforcement creditors’ rights generally.
Except for such matters as have not had and would be reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, there is no (a) Proceeding pending, or, knowledge of Company, threatened against any its Subsidiaries (b) judgment, decree, injunction, ruling order Governmental Entity arbitrator outstanding Subsidiaries. To date hereof, officer director defendant material connection with his her status an Subsidiary Company. There settlement, order, decision, direction, writ, stipulation legal arbitration award of, promulgated issued by, respect effect which party subject that materially interferes with, interfere business currently conducted.
Except as set forth on Schedule 7.14 or disclosed in writing to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly furnish a copy Lenders), which be supplement , Borrower has no Subsidiaries and Foreign Subsidiaries. identifies each Subsidiary (a) either Guarantor not (b) Restricted an Unrestricted Subsidiary, such schedule is Wholly-Owned Subsidiary. sets forth, of Effective Date (after giving effect Transactions), (i) Persons (and their percentage ownership) that own Equity Interests (ii) all owned by Loan Party.
If any provision of this Agreement or the application such to party circumstances shall be determined by court competent jurisdiction invalid and unenforceable extent, remainder Person other than those which it is so unenforceable, not affected thereby, each hereof validated enforced fullest extent permitted law. Any net credit due to Seller as a result of the adjustments and prorations under Section 7.1 shall be paid in cash at time Closing. Purchaser credited against Purchase Price
The Company Parties shall keep strictly confidential and not, without the prior written consent of applicable Supporting Noteholder, disclose publicly, or to any person holdings claims including principal amount arising under Notes. The Borrower and the Guarantor are in compliance with all Laws, failure to comply which is likely have a Material Adverse Effect.
Promptly after an Authorized Officer of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary obtains knowledge thereof, notice (i) occurrence event that constitutes a Default Event Default, which shall specify nature period existence thereof and what action proposes to take with respect thereto (ii) litigation, regulatory governmental proceeding pending against could reasonably be expected determined adversely and, if so determined, result in Material Adverse Effect.
Subject to applicable laws, any notice, request or other communication be given the Company by a holder of Exchangeable Shares shall in writing and valid effective if first class mail (postage prepaid) telecopy delivery registered office addressed attention Secretary Company. Any such communication, mail, delivery, only deemed have been received upon actual receipt thereof
THE BORROWER WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING TO WHICH PARTIES THIS AGREEMENT ARE INVOLVED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY AND MATTER WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED CONNECTED WITH RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED HEREUNDER, WHETHER ASSERTED BEFORE AFTER DATE OF AGREEMENT. The Administrator may accelerate the Vesting of all or a portion Restricted Shares in such circumstances as it, its sole discretion, determine. Participant acknowledges that Stock Award is subject to adjustment, modification and termination certain events provided this Agreement Plan, including Section 14.2 Plan.
Employee shall be employed by the Company as Company’s Chief Medical Officer and Executive Vice President of Discovery. During his employment, perform duties bear responsibilities commensurate with position serve faithfully to best ability, under direction Board Directors . devote entire working time, attention energies business Company. His actions at all times such that they do not discredit or its products services. engage in any other activity activities that, judgment Directors, may conflict proper performance Employee’s hereunder, including constituting a interest between business.
This Guaranty may be executed in one or more duplicate counterparts and when signed by all of the parties shall constitute a single binding agreement. Subject to the terms of Lease, this Memorandum shall be binding upon and inure benefit respective successors in interest assigns parties hereto. The Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (ii) fairly present financial condition of Company date thereof their results operations for therein.
Except as permitted by the Facility Documents, Seller shall not cause any of Repurchase Assets (including Transaction Mortgage Loans) and Participation Certificates to be sold, pledged, assigned or transferred extent such sale, pledge, assignment transfer would a default under Documents; nor create, incur, assume suffer exist mortgage, Lien, charge other encumbrance nature whatsoever on whether real, personal mixed, now hereafter owned, than Liens in favor Buyer Documents.
In the event one or more of provisions this Option Agreement should, for any reason, be held to invalid, illegal unenforceable in respect, such invalidity, illegality unenforceability will not affect other Agreement, and construed as if provision had never been contained herein. Conduct its businesses in compliance with all Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions maintain policies procedures designed to promote achieve Sanctions.
The obligations of the Company to offer, sell, issue, deliver or transfer Common Stock under Plan shall be subject all applicable laws, regulations, rules and approvals, including, but not by way limitation, effectiveness any registration statement securities laws if deemed necessary appropriate Company. Company’s obligation its shares is further approval governmental authority required in connection therewith receiving, should it determine do so, advice counsel that regulations have been complied with. Certificates for issued hereunder may legended as Committee deem appropriate.
Company will not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy otherwise negotiate in respect of any security, as defined Section 2 the Act, that would be integrated with Shares Investor purposes rules and regulations Trading Market such it require stockholder approval prior closing other transaction unless is obtained before subsequent transaction.
The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. and this Agreement constitute the entire agreement of parties with respect to subject matter hereof supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings agreements Company Optionee hereof, may not be modified adversely Optionee's interest except means a writing signed Optionee. This governed laws state Delaware. In event any conflict between terms provisions Agreement, shall govern. Capitalized used but defined have meanings assigned them Plan. Certain other important governing are contained
The Company or one of the Subsidiaries shall require Employee to remit an amount in cash sufficient satisfy any applicable U.S. federal, state and local non-U.S. tax withholding obligations that may arise connection with vesting Restricted Stock Units related issuance shares Common Stock. Notwithstanding preceding sentence, if elects not respect such obligations, retain a number issued then have aggregate Fair Market Value as Settlement Date equal taxes required be withheld (and thereupon deemed satisfied his her under this Section 6(a)). reduced by so retained. method set forth immediately sentence available manner would violate financing instrument Subsidiaries.
After giving effect to the consummation of transactions contemplated by this Agreement, Borrower has capital sufficient carry on its business and all businesses in which it is about engage solvent able pay debts as they mature. No transfer property being made no Indebtedness incurred connection with Agreement intent hinder, delay or defraud either present future creditors any Subsidiary.
The Seller is a limited liability company duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of State Michigan has full power authority to own, lease operate its properties carry on business as now being heretofore conducted. Company not qualified or licensed do foreign corporation any other jurisdiction neither location assets nor nature requires it be so qualified.
To facilitate execution, this Assignment may be executed in as many counterparts required. It shall not necessary that the signature on behalf of both parties hereto appear each counterpart hereof. All hereof collectively constitute a single agreement. Each of the parties hereto shall execute and deliver such further instruments, documents agreements do acts things as may be useful or required to carry out purpose intent this Agreement which are not inconsistent with provisions hereof.
Debtor agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Secured Party against any all liabilities, costs expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees expenses): (i) with respect to, or resulting from, delay in paying excise, sales other taxes which may be payable are determined of the Collateral; (ii) complying law, rule, regulation order Governmental Authority applicable Collateral (iii) incurred costs, losses by connection protecting preserving Party’s rights such provided , however that this indemnification shall not extend damages caused gross negligence willful misconduct Party.
Failure of ISS at any time to enforce provision this Agreement shall not be interpreted as a waiver ISS’s rights under Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended, modified, or waived, except by an instrument in writing signed both Parties. This Joinder Agreement shall be binding upon the Additional Initial Term Lender, and its successors permitted assigns inure to benefit of Borrower, Administrative Agent, Lenders, their respective assigns.
To the extent required by any applicable law, Agent may withhold from payment to Lender an amount equivalent withholding Tax. If has been made without Tax being withheld such and paid over Internal Revenue Service or other Governmental Authority, Authority asserts a claim that did not properly amounts for account of because appropriate form was delivered executed failed notify change in circumstance which rendered exemption from, reduction of, ineffective reason, shall indemnify fully all paid, directly indirectly, as otherwise, including penalties interest together with expenses (including legal expenses, allocated internal costs out-of-pocket expenses) incurred.
The Participant understands that he or she (and not the Company) shall be responsible for any tax liability may arise with respect to Restricted Stock granted under this Agreement. pay Company, make provision satisfactory Company payment of, taxes social insurance contributions required by law withheld no later than date of event creating such liability. satisfy foregoing requirement making a in cash or, Committee’s discretion, amount paid whole part electing have retain Participant’s Shares, retained Shares having value equal minimum withheld. Such valued at their Fair Market Value on retention delivery.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and administered in accordance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, Code Section 409(A), Treasury Regulation § 1.409A any other federal law, provided, however, that to extent not preempted by law this laws state where Bank’s primary corporate headquarters is located, except United States America.
The Company may require payment of or withhold any income employment tax which it believes is payable as a result the grant vesting Performance Shares in connection therewith, and defer making delivery with respect to until arrangements satisfactory have been made regard such withholding obligation. In accordance Plan, satisfy obligations.
US Company and each of its Subsidiaries has duly complied in all material respects with, Properties, business operations leaseholds are compliance the provisions federal, state, provincial, local, foreign other laws, rules regulations applicable to or such Subsidiary, as applicable, Properties conduct business, there have been no citations, notices orders noncompliance issued any under law, rule regulation. established maintains an adequate monitoring system insure that it remains with rules, laws it. No Inventory produced by violation Fair Labor Standards Act (29 USC. §201 et seq.), amended.
Stock Options will remain exercisable for a period of one year following the date death (or, if earlier, original expiration option); unvested become fully vested as termination. EACH OF THE BORROWER, AGENT AND BANKS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT RELATING LOAN DOCUMENT WHICH IT IS A PARTY INSTRUMENT DELIVERED THEREUNDER.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between parties hereto concerning subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior or simultaneous agreements, written oral, with respect to hereof. All rights remedies of Issuer obligations Applicant under connection this any other documents delivered in are cumulative addition those provided available at equity applicable law.
Subject to Section 3.9, Borrower shall pay when due all material foreign, federal, state and local taxes, assessments, governmental charges now or hereafter levied upon against any of its properties assets (including the Collateral), including income, franchise, personal property, real excise, withholding, sales use except taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which has set aside on books adequate reserves.
Except as otherwise permitted by the Indenture Documents, each Grantor hereby agrees not to divest itself of any Intellectual Property Right. THIS LETTER AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE RIGHTS OF PARTIES GOVERNED BY, LAW STATE NEW YORK (EXCLUDING ANY CONFLICTS RULES WHICH WOULD OTHERWISE CAUSE TO OR LAWS OTHER JURISDICTION).
Each party hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have a trial jury in respect of suit, action or proceeding arising out this Agreement transaction contemplated hereby. ( i ) certifies that no representative, agent attorney other has represented, expressly otherwise, such would not, event litigation, seek enforce foregoing waiver and ii acknowledges parties been induced enter into by, among things, mutual waivers certifications section.
If any term or provision of this Side Letter is held invalid, illegal unenforceable in jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality unenforceability shall not affect other invalidate render jurisdiction. Upon determination that unenforceable, the parties hereto negotiate good faith to modify so as effect original intent closely possible a mutually acceptable manner order transactions contemplated hereby be consummated originally greatest extent possible.
Section 2.19 of the Seller Disclosure Letter sets forth insurance policies maintained by and its Subsidiaries exclusively for Foxtail Business, together with amount coverage each policy, premium due dates last payment claims history under such since January 1, 2014. All are in full force effect (with respect to applicable periods), neither nor any is default respective obligations policies.
The Seller is a limited liability company organized and validly existing under the Laws of State Tennessee. The headings of the several sections and paragraphs this Plan are inserted solely for convenience reference not a part intended to govern, limit or aid in construction any term provision hereof. All of the representations and warranties made herein shall survive execution delivery this Agreement, any investigation by or on behalf each BJNTY Shareholder, acceptance Parent Shares Common Stock payment therefore until such time as have been sold redeemed in full cash. covenants indemnities perpetuity, unless otherwise provided Agreement.
The Table of Contents and the various headings in this 2016-A Servicing Supplement are included for convenience only will not affect meaning or interpretation any provision Supplement. Once a Loss is agreed to by the Indemnifying Party or finally adjudicated be payable pursuant this ARTICLE X, shall satisfy its obligations within fifteen (15) Business Days of such final, non-appealable adjudication wire transfer immediately available funds.
Except as otherwise described in the Prospectus, each of Company and its subsidiaries are insured by insurers recognized financial responsibility with policies such amounts deductibles covering risks reasonably considers to be accordance customary industry practices for business which it is engaged companies comparable size, market capitalization stages clinical development. The has no reason believe that or any subsidiary will not able (i) renew existing insurance coverage when expire (ii) obtain from similar may necessary appropriate conduct now conducted at a cost would result Material Adverse Change.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall constitute an original but all which, taken together, one and the same instrument. by facsimile, .pdf format or other form electronic communication such execution deemed to signature for purposes. Each Guarantor hereby guarantees that payments hereunder will be paid to the Collateral Agent without set-off or counterclaim in U.S. Dollars. agrees provisions of Sections 5.4 and 13.19 DIP Credit Agreement shall apply such Guarantor’s obligations under this Guarantee.
Any notice to be given under the terms of this Award Agreement Company shall addressed in care Secretary at Company’s principal office, and any Participant Participant’s last address reflected on records. By a pursuant Section 3.5, either party may hereafter designate different for notices that party. deemed duly when sent via email or by certified mail (return receipt requested) deposited (with postage prepaid) post office branch regularly maintained United States Postal Service.
The descriptive headings of the various sections this Agreement are inserted for convenience reference only and shall not be deemed to affect meaning or construction any provisions hereof thereof. Whenever context so require, all words herein in singular number have been used plural, vice versa, masculine gender include feminine neuter feminine. As herein, phrase “to knowledge Debtors” similar statements regarding “knowledge” Debtors refer actual Juanita Schwartzkopf Alan Weiner after reasonable inquiry. Capitalized terms otherwise defined meanings ascribed such Exhibit H attached hereto incorporated herein.
Employer will pay the portion of Employee’s group health insurance through December 31, 2015. not contest eligibility for unemployment benefits after Termination Date. Except as otherwise set forth in these Award Terms, the Performance Share Units shall vest accordance with provisions of Employment Agreement and “Schedule for Vesting” on Exhibit A-1 hereto. Each Unit, upon vesting thereof, entitle holder thereof to receive one Common (subject adjustment pursuant Section 10 hereof).
This Agreement and any amendment hereto or other agreement delivered pursuant may be executed in one more counterparts by different parties separate counterparts. All will constitute the same become effective when have been signed each party to party. A facsimile signature page deemed an original. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent agreement of Parties, Administrative Agent Secured Parties with respect to subject matter hereof thereof, there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by any Party relative thereof not expressly set forth referred herein in Documents.
(i) Atlantic Oklahoma Wind Holdings, LLC is not a Person that the Borrower knows to exist, or if this does it in which any of its subsidiaries holds Equity Interests, (ii) Kawailoa Wind, Subsidiary Borrower, Yieldco Intermediate, (iii) Intermediate and (iv) Picture Rocks Solar, Intermediate. The Borrower and each other Credit Party agrees to take any further action that is reasonably requested by Administrative Agent effect the purposes of this Amendment Agreement transactions contemplated hereby.
This Warrant and all rights hereunder shall expire on the 25 th day of September, 2026. The representations and warranties of the parties set forth in this Agreement any document delivered connection herewith shall not survive Closing. All covenants or other agreements contained until fully performed fulfilled, unless to extent that non-compliance with such is waived writing by party entitled performance.
LXRT does not own, directly or indirectly, any equity other ownership interest in corporation, partnership, joint venture entity enterprise. There are no Contracts obligations (contingent otherwise) of to retire, repurchase, redeem otherwise acquire outstanding shares capital stock of, interests in, Person provide funds make investment (in the form a loan, contribution Person.
In the course of Executive’s services, Executive may have access to Company and/or Company’s client’s prospective trade secrets and confidential information, including but not limited those embodied in memoranda, manuals, letters or other documents, computer disks, tapes information storage devices, hardware, media vehicles, pertaining business. All such are considered confidential. materials containing any secret property client client, shall be returned upon expiration earlier termination this Agreement. The directly indirectly disclose use except as required performance duties connection with Employment, pursuant applicable law.
During the Employment Term, Executive agrees to serve Company, and Company shall employ as its Vice President Interim Chief Financial Officer; provided , however that Executive’s role Officer begin on earlier occur of (a) date which Company’s current Officer’s employment with terminates, or (b) November 30, 2015. possess such broad powers perform duties functions are normally incident positions an entity equivalent size nature Company.
If any provision of this Agreement or the other Credit Documents is held to be illegal, invalid unenforceable, (a) legality, validity and enforceability remaining provisions shall not affected impaired thereby (b) parties endeavor in good faith negotiations replace unenforceable with valid economic effect which comes as close possible that provisions. The invalidity a particular jurisdiction invalidate render such jurisdiction. Without limiting foregoing Section 14.13 , if extent relating Defaulting Lenders limited by debtor relief Laws, determined Administrative Agent, then deemed only so limited.
Executive understands and agrees that, in addition to any other remedies that the Company (or Parties) has at law or equity, upon breach of this Agreement by Executive, may immediately terminate consulting arrangement provided for Section 3 cease providing all Separation Benefits and/or seek recovery have been paid him pursuant 2, above. also if he violates terms Sections 6, 7, 8 9 Agreement, will cause injury one more be difficult quantify repair, so (and/or no adequate remedy law. Accordingly, agree entitled as a matter right obtain an injunction from court law, restraining further violation Agreement. The is equity.
The Employer and the Executive hereby expressly consent to be subject jurisdiction of Commonwealth Virginia determine any disputes regarding this Agreement further agree that exclusive venue for such dispute shall in Henrico County, Virginia. accept court each waives claim warrants he or it will not argue contend does have jurisdiction, is an appropriate forum a inconvenient.
Upon the transfer of all property in RSRL Account and Platinum Bermuda to RRL Account, Master Agreement, Pledge Control Agreement shall automatically terminate, except for any provisions that expressly survive termination. Tenant shall have the right to use freight elevator and loading dock on a twenty-four-(24)-hour basis at no additional charge.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each party shall use its best efforts take, or cause be taken, all actions do, done, things necessary desirable under applicable Laws, in case Company, as reasonably requested by Purchaser, consummate implement expeditiously transactions contemplated Agreement. The parties hereto execute deliver, executed delivered, such other documents, certificates, agreements writings take may order
The delivery of cash pursuant to Section 3 this Award Agreement is conditioned on satisfaction any applicable withholding taxes in accordance with 7(a) and 9(d) the Plan. No later than date as which an amount first becomes includible your gross income for Federal, state, local or foreign tax purposes respect RSUs, you shall pay Company, make arrangements satisfactory Company regarding payment of, that are required by laws regulations be withheld such amount. In event there liability connection settlement if authorized Committee its sole discretion, may satisfy, whole part, having withhold from would entitled receive upon equal liability.
Section headings in this Amendment are included for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part any other purposes or be given substantive effect. This Bill of Sale may be signed in counterparts, each and every one which shall deemed an original, notwithstanding variations format or file designation result from the electronic transmission, storage printing copies this separate computers printers. Signatures transmitted via .pdf treated as original signatures.
Any and all notices or other communications deliveries required permitted to be provided hereunder shall in writing deemed given effective on the earliest of (a) date transmission, if such notice communication is delivered via facsimile at number set forth signature pages attached hereto prior 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) a Trading Day, (b) next Day after day that not later than any (c) 2 nd following transmission sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, (d) upon actual receipt party whom given. The address for as hereto.
[**]. This Commercial Supply Agreement may be terminated effective immediately by written notice either Party at any time during the Term if other [**] this Agreement, which breach remains uncured for measured from date of such is given to breaching non-breaching Party, will specify nature and demand its cure; provided, however , that not capable being cured within stated period uses cure [**], terminate
All of the representations Borrower set forth in this Agreement and other Loan Documents shall survive for so long as any portion Indebtedness is outstanding. representations, covenants agreements made by or be deemed to have been relied upon Lender notwithstanding investigation heretofore hereafter on its behalf. On date Securitization, not less than five business days’ prior written notice, deliver a certification (x) confirming that all contained are true correct material respects such (y) otherwise specifying changes qualifications may necessary make consistent with facts they exist date.
Lender shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured creditor under provisions Uniform Commercial Code, as may be amended from time to time, In addition, exercise any or other it available at law, in equity otherwise. Any and all notices or other communications deliveries required permitted to be provided hereunder shall delivered as set forth in the Subscription Agreement; that Company may deliver each Holder documents such under Section 5(a) of this Agreement by e-mail addresses solely for specific purpose.
The Grantee shall, not later than the date as of which receipt this Award becomes a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes, pay to Company or make arrangements satisfactory Administrator payment any federal, state, and local taxes required by law be withheld on account such event. may elect have minimum withholding satisfied, in whole part, authorizing withhold from Shares number shares Stock with an aggregate Fair Market Value that would satisfy amount due.
There are (i) no actions, suits, proceedings or governmental investigations whatsoever against the Company, at law in equity before any court, department, commission, board, agency authority instrumentality, domestic foreign, which pending or, to knowledge of management threatened; (ii) Company is not subject judgment, stipulation, order, decree agreement arising from such action, suit, proceeding investigation, and (iii) suit government investigation threatened seeks question, delay prevent consummation transactions contemplated hereby.
Executive shall receive a base salary of Seven Hundred Thirty-five Thousand Dollars ($735,000) per annum for the duration Term (the " Base Salary "), which be paid in equal semi-monthly installments arrears. The Compensation Committee review annually payable to hereunder and may, its sole discretion, increase (but not decrease) Executive's Salary. Any such increased become purposes this Agreement.
All RSUs granted under this Agreement shall be forfeited and terminated as set forth in the Grant Notice. The Service Provider agrees not to engage in any form of conduct, or make statements representations that disparage otherwise impair the reputation, goodwill commercial interests Company and its affiliates. Subject to all of the terms and conditions this Agreement, each Seller agrees sell Buyer, Buyer purchase from Seller, such Seller’s right, title interest in, under Property, as applicable, upon subject set forth herein.
EXECUTIVE AGREES TO WAIVE THE RIGHT A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BASED UPON, RELATED TO, LOYALTY OBLIGATIONS. THIS WAIVER IS KNOWINGLY, INTENTIONALLY, AND VOLUNTARILY MADE EXECUTIVE, ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, EXCEPT FOR COMPANY’S AGREEMENT LIKEWISE ITS RIGHTS (WHICH COMPANY HEREBY MAKES), HAS NOT REPRESENTATIONS OF FACTS INDUCE WAY MODIFY NULLIFY EFFECT.
During and after the Term, Executive Company agree not to make any statement that criticizes, ridicules, disparages, or is otherwise derogatory of other; provided, however, nothing in this Agreement shall restrict either party from making truthful statements (a) when required by law, subpoena, court order like; (b) requested a governmental, regulatory, similar body entity; (c) confidence professional advisor for purpose securing advice; (d) course performing his its duties during Term; (e) rebut made written about him it. In addition, section prohibit normal competitive Company’s business products provided such are truthful.
The various parts of this Agreement are intended to be severable. Should any part rendered or declared invalid reason legislation by a decree court competent jurisdiction, such shall deemed modified the extent required and invalidation modification not invalidate modify remaining hereof. Without limiting generality foregoing, if scope covenant contained in is too broad permit enforcement its full extent, enforced maximum permitted law. Executive agrees that may judicially accordingly.
The Company agrees to pay the Executive, for services rendered hereunder, a base salary at annual rate of $210,000 (the “ Base Salary ”). Executive’s will be reviewed annually throughout Employment Term by Compensation Committee Board. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement contrary, may reduce up ten percent (10%) during Term, but only as part reduction program pursuant which Salaries all Vice Presidents are reduced same percentage time and period time. shall payable equal periodic installments, not less frequently than monthly, any sums required deducted or withheld under applicable provisions law. partial year prorated based upon number days elapsed such year.
The location where Borrower keeps its books and records, other than those relating to Serviced Loans or the servicing of Mortgage Loans, is chief executive office. books, computer tapes records center, located at 4849 Greenville Ave., Suite 800, in Dallas, Texas. This Agreement and the rights responsibilities hereunder shall not be assigned or delegated by either party without prior written consent of other party; provided, however, that PCA have right, Mr. West, to assign transfer its under any affiliates purchaser who acquires all a substantial part assets business capital stock.
During the period of Executive’s employment by Company, Executive shall receive an annual base salary not less than US$375,000 (“ Base Salary ”) payable in equal semi-monthly installments, applicable withholdings. Each year, Chief Officer review and other compensation based upon performance factors deemed appropriate and, subject to approval Board Directors Company (the “ make such increases or decreases as deem appropriate.
No Option may be granted during any period of suspension the Plan or after termination Plan. The shall submitted for approval Company’s stockholders within twelve (12) months before date Board’s adoption Options prior to such stockholder approval; provided, however, that not exercisable time when is approved by stockholders; further if has been obtained end said (12)-month period, all previously under thereupon terminate and canceled become null void without being exercised.
All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing deemed duly given received (a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, or by facsimile upon confirmation transmission sender’s fax machine sent a Business Day (or otherwise next Day) (b) first following dispatch recognized next-day courier service. notices as set forth Schedule A , pursuant to such instructions may designated party receive notice. Any change its address number giving written notice new manner above.
Borrower and its Subsidiaries own, or possess the right to use extent necessary in their respective businesses, all Intellectual Property, no such Property conflicts with valid of any other Person. Except as set forth Schedule 5.9 , which schedule shall be accurate Closing Date only not required update, has used trade name, style “dba” during five-year period ending on Date.
Any determinations as to whether the Discharge of First Lien Priority Obligations, Excess Second Obligations or has occurred shall be made without taking into account any limitations on such obligations imposed by Bankruptcy Court other applicable Law. If any term or provision of this Agreement the application thereof to person circumstances shall, extent, be invalid unenforceable, remainder such persons other than those as which it is held unenforceable shall not affected thereby, and each valid enforceable fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law.
(a) HCM has kept all books and records since inception HCM’s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied throughout the periods involved. The balance sheets are true accurate present fairly as of their respective dates condition HCM. As date such sheets, had no liabilities or obligations (absolute contingent) which should be reflected notes thereto principles, assets therein properly reported value HCM, operations, stockholders’ equity cash flows reflect information required to set forth by principles.
You will be eligible to participate in such medical, retirement and other benefits as are approved by the Board of Directors . As is case with all employee benefits, governed terms conditions applicable plans or policies, which subject change discontinuation at any time. The Executive shall be entitled to six (6) weeks of paid vacation in each calendar year, and also all holidays afforded by the Company its management employees, accordance with applicable policies.
If any term, condition, or provision of this Agreement the application thereof to party circumstances will, at time extent be invalid unenforceable, remainder Agreement, such condition parties other than those which it is held will not affected thereby, and each valid enforceable fullest permitted by law. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, this Agreement embodies the complete agreement and understanding among parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof supersedes preempts any prior understandings, agreements or representations by parties, written oral, that may have related in way.
In connection with any Secondary Market Transaction, severance or other transaction permitted pursuant to this Article 9 , the Borrower Parties shall pay their own expenses (including legal fees) incurred in therewith respect executing documentation, providing Updated Information accordance therewith, and otherwise cooperating Agent complying provisions thereof), each Lender therewith.
This Agreement (including the Schedules and documents referred to herein) constitutes entire agreement between Parties supersedes any prior understandings, agreements or representations by Parties, written oral, that may have related in way subject matter hereof. Upon a Change in Control, the Employee shall be fully vested in, and entitled to receive release respect of, total number of Restricted Shares subject Award, Restriction Period immediately expire Award made manner specified Section 1(d) as soon administratively practicable following such immediate expiration satisfaction applicable tax withholding obligations.
The Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate, advance Expenses to, Indemnitee (a) as provided in this Agreement (b) otherwise to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law effect on Effective Date amended from time time; provided, however, that no change have of reducing benefits available hereunder based Date. rights Section 3 include, without limitation, set forth other sections Company’s Certificate Incorporation Bylaws, well any additional indemnification or under 145 General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”).
Each party to this Agreement, from and after Closing, upon the reasonable request of any other hereto without further consideration, shall (a) execute deliver requesting such documents assurances (b) take actions (without cost party) in order carry out purposes intentions Agreement Transaction Documents. EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF LITIGATION BASED ON, ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT COURSE CONDUCT, DEALING, VERBAL WRITTEN STATEMENT ACTION PARTY.
As of the Cutoff Date, 2016-2 Lease Agreement is not a Liquidated Lease, Defaulted or Delinquent and, except as permitted in this paragraph, to best Seller’s and Servicer’s knowledge, no default, breach, violation event permitting acceleration under its terms has occurred; continuing condition that with notice lapse time would constitute arisen; GM Financial waived, shall waive, any foregoing.
In the event that any provision or portion of this Award Certificate shall be determined to invalid unenforceable for reason, in whole part, jurisdiction, remaining provisions unaffected thereby and remain full force effect fullest extent permitted by law such invalidity unenforceability have no other jurisdiction. All of the Restricted Shares granted hereunder shall Vest and be deemed earned on January 1, 2017. Vesting is conditioned upon Recipient’s continued service with Company as a member Board Directors through including Date.
Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, none of officers or directors Company and, to knowledge Company, employees is presently a party any transaction with Subsidiary (other than for services employees, and directors) that required be disclosed not disclosed, including contract, agreement other arrangement providing furnishing by, rental real personal property from, otherwise requiring payments from officer, director such employee or, entity which director, has substantial interest an trustee partner, each case excess $120,000, (i) payment salary consulting fees rendered, (ii) reimbursement expenses incurred on behalf (iii) benefits, stock option agreements under equity incentive plan Company.
The proceeds of the Revolving Loans will be used only for general corporate purposes specified in introductory statement to this Agreement or, case Incremental Loans, applicable Credit Assumption and refinancing Existing Agreement. Letters . No part any Loan Extension used, whether directly or indirectly, purpose that would entail a violation Regulation T, U X. Party shall, nor shall it permit its Subsidiaries to, use (i) furtherance an offer, payment, promise pay, authorization payment giving money, anything else value, Person Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) funding, financing facilitating activities, business transaction with Sanctioned Person, Country, (iii) manner result Sanctions party hereto.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement, the Members acknowledge and agree that reasonable expenses charges incurred directly or indirectly by on behalf Manager in connection with its obligations under Section 8 will be reimbursed Company to Manager. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which so will deemed to an original and such counterparts together constitute one the same agreement. Execution delivery this by exchange facsimile copies bearing signature a party shall valid binding execution party.
Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by Holder or Company forthwith to Committee for review. The resolution such a final and binding on all parties . This Amendment contains the entire agreement of parties with respect to subject matter hereof and all prior negotiations, understandings or agreements between are merged herein. may be executed in counterparts each which shall an original taken together constitute one same agreement.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of State Delaware without regard to principles conflicts laws. Each Party waives, fullest extent permitted applicable law, any right it may have a trial jury respect action, suit or proceeding arising out relating this transaction contemplated hereby.
Borrower has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement, borrow funds as contemplated herein, execute deliver the Note other Loan Documents executed delivered by it, incur obligations provided for all of which have been duly authorized proper necessary corporate action; officer executing each is do so action. Any consents or approval shareholders directors Borrower, any party (including without limitation regulatory agency authority) required a condition execution, delivery, validity Document obtained; said valid, legal, binding obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms.
On the Transaction Settlement Date for each Transaction, Purchaser shall pay Purchase Price to Seller, Seller convey related Primary Portfolio Excess Spread on and commence servicing Mortgage Loans in accordance with Servicing Contract Ginnie Mae Guide if such has not already commenced. The be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds.
All notices under this Agreement must be in writing and will deemed properly given (i) on the next business day after deposit for overnight delivery by courier, (ii) 3 days mailing, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, (iii) upon confirmation of transmission facsimile e-mail a PDF document if sent 5 p.m. Pacific time otherwise day, each case to applicable address set forth Purchase Agreement.
The execution, delivery and performance by AFIV of this Agreement (a) are within AFIV’s power authority, (b) have been duly authorized all necessary limited liability company proceedings on the part AFIV, (c) do not conflict with or result in any material breach provision creation lien upon property require unobtained consent approval pursuant to (x) governing documents except for such corporate, partnership approvals as shall received prior Closing Date, (y) law, regulation, order, judgment, writ, injunction, license, permit, agreement instrument applicable AFIV.
This Agreement may be amended, modified or changed only by a written instrument executed Executive and the Company. The Company shall not permit any proceeds of the Notes to be used either directly or indirectly for purpose, whether immediate, incidental ultimate, "purchasing carrying margin stock" within meaning Regulation U, as amended from time time, Board Governors Federal Reserve System.
If any part of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid under, in conflict with, the applicable law jurisdiction, unenforceable, conflicting shall, extent permitted by law, narrowed replaced, possible, with a judicial construction such jurisdiction that effectuates intent parties regarding and part. To notwithstanding unenforceability, invalidity Agreement, remaining parts shall valid, enforceable binding on parties.
Except for CBRE, no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder’s other fee commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement Transaction Document based upon arrangements made on behalf of Seller. Seller shall be responsible and all broker fees incurred CBRE related under Agreement.
Borrowers shall use the proceeds of Revolving Loans solely for (a) transaction fees incurred in connection with Financing Documents and refinancing on Closing Date certain Debt, (b) working capital needs Borrowers. No portion will be (i) used family, personal, agricultural or household (ii) benefit any Person that is not a Borrower.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of both parties their respective successors permitted assigns, including any corporation or entity with which into Employer may merged succeed its assets business, provided , however that Employee’s obligations are personal not assigned by Employee. The Employee consents assignment this Agreement. In event death after Date Termination but prior completion all payments due under Agreement, continue such beneficiary designated in writing (or estate, if fails make designation).
The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Investor its Affiliates their respective directors, officers, trustees, partners, members, managers, employees agents, successors assigns, from against any all losses, claims, damages, liabilities expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney fees disbursements other incurred in connection with investigating, preparing or defending action, claim proceeding, pending threatened costs of enforcement thereof) (collectively, “Losses”) which such Person may become subject as a result breach representation, warranty, covenant agreement made by be performed on part under Transaction Documents, will reimburse for amounts they are Person.
On the Effective Date, Borrower shall have paid fees required by Fee Letter dated July 6 , 2016 and all costs expenses that been invoiced not less than two (2) days prior to Date are payable pursuant Section 9.04 of Credit Agreement, together with such additional amounts as constitute Administrative Agent’s counsel’s reasonable estimate disbursements be incurred counsel in connection recording filing Mortgages Uniform Commercial Code financing statements; provided, that, thereafter preclude further settling accounts between Agent.
This Amendment and the Supplier Agreement, including Attachments, exhibits, schedules other documents referred to therein which form a part thereof, contain entire understanding of parties hereto with respect subject matter contained herein therein. From after execution counterpart hereof by hereto, any reference Agreement shall be deemed as amended hereby. This letter (together with the attached Obligations Agreement and Change in Control Agreement) sets forth entire understanding between Company yourself respect to your employment by Company. All prior discussions, negotiations, correspondence other understandings you are superseded, there no representations, warranties or undertakings Company, which not set this letter.
Maintain and keep in full force effect the Borrower's existence under laws of state its organization, continue business as presently conducted. The Borrower shall not change legal format which was organized nor sell all or substantially property merge combine any Borrower’s with other person, without prior written consent Lender. give Lender prompt notice location chief executive office.
No modification, waiver or amendment of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing signed by the parties hereto. The headings in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and shall be ignored the construction or interpretation hereof. Each article, section, subsection, paragraph or clause of this Agreement constitutes a separate and distinct undertaking, covenant provision hereof. If any shall finally be determined to unlawful, such deemed severed from Agreement, but every other remain in full force effect.
Buyer is entitled to withhold from any amounts payable pursuant this Agreement such as it required under applicable tax law. To the extent that are so withheld and paid over appropriate taxing authority, will be treated for purposes of having been party which withholding was made. You agree that through February 28, 2018, you will respond in a timely and helpful manner via telephone or email to CSI’s questions regarding your employment with CSI, such as, but not limited to, status of projects, business contacts, location data, passwords, etc.
Nothing contained in this Agreement, nor the granting of Restricted Stock Award hereunder, shall be construed as giving Participant or any other person legal equitable rights against Company subsidiary director, officer, employee agent thereof, except for those are herein provided. Under no circumstances Agreement an express implied contract continuing employment Participant, granted hereunder manner obligate Company, affiliate to continue Participant.
For purposes of determining Lenders’ obligations or rights to fund, participate in receive collections with respect Loans and Letters Credit (including existing Swingline Loans, Protective Advances LC Obligations), Agent may its discretion reallocate Pro Rata shares by excluding a Defaulting Lender’s Revolver Commitments from the calculation shares. A Lender shall have no right vote on any amendment, waiver other modification Loan Document, except as provided Section 14.1.1(c) .
No failure by Agent or any Lender to exercise right, remedy, option under this Agreement other Loan Document, delay in exercising the same, will operate as a waiver thereof. be effective unless it is writing, and then only extent specifically stated. on occasion shall affect diminish Agent's each Lender's rights thereafter require strict performance Borrowers of provision Agreement. Documents cumulative not exclusive right remedy that may have.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein extent that Borrower, as of date any request therefor, maintains an Investment Grade Rating, each Lender agrees Borrower may from time Lenders submit offers make loans in Dollars (each such loan, a “ Bid Loan ”) prior Maturity Date pursuant this Section 2.03 ; provided , however after giving effect Borrowing, (i) Total Outstandings shall not exceed Aggregate Commitments, (ii) aggregate Outstanding Amount all Loans Sublimit. There be more than ten (10) different Interest Periods with respect at time.
Your past industry experience will count for purposes of determining your vacation eligibility at Mid Pac in accordance with current company policies. This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this on any number separate counterparts (including telecopy electronic (e.g., “pdf”) transmission), and all said taken together shall deemed constitute same instrument.
In the event of any change in shares Common Stock Company as a whole occurring result common stock split, or reverse dividend payable on Stock, combination exchange shares, other extraordinary unusual after grant Option, Committee shall determine, its sole discretion, whether such equitably requires an adjustment terms this Option. Any adjustments will be made by Committee, whose determination final, binding and conclusive.
Executive expressly represents that he has complied with, reaffirms, and agrees to comply his obligations under Section 7(a) of the Employment Agreement, which survive termination Executive’s employment. keep circumstances leading negotiations this Agreement confidential, except may make disclosures immediate family, financial advisor, or legal counsel. Subject to Section II.A.1(b), the Restricted Stock Units will vest in three equal installments on first anniversaries of Grant Date (each, a “Vesting Date”), subject Grantee’s continued status as Service Provider through each such Vesting Date.
Maker hereby waives demand, presentment, protest, notice of nonpayment, intention to accelerate, acceleration, and any all lack diligence or delay in collection the filing suit hereon which may occur; agrees that its liability under this Note shall not be affected by renewal extension time payment hereof, indulgences, release change security for Note; consent renewals, extensions, releases, changes hereof hereto, regardless number such changes.
This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of State Colorado. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by facsimile email, all of which shall considered and the same agreement, become effective when such counterparts have been signed each Parties delivered to other Party.
The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion this Debenture shall be made without charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may payable in respect issue delivery such Shares, provided Company not required pay tax transfer involved and upon a name other than so converted deliver unless until Person Persons requesting thereof have paid amount established satisfaction has been paid. all Transfer Agent fees same-day processing Notice Depository Trust (or another clearing corporation performing functions) electronic Shares.
The Executive shall have such duties and responsibilities that are consistent with the Executive’s position as Board determines perform carry out to best of ability for purpose advancing business Company its subsidiaries. Subject provisions Section 1(c) below, during Employment Term devote full time, skill attention subsidiaries, and, except specifically approved by Board, not engage in any other activity or affiliation.
All materials developed by ATI Modular for AmericaTowne, if any, will belong exclusively to and be deemed have been created AmericaTowne as “work hire.” execute any all documents necessary assign transfer the intellectual property other rights in information Trinity pursuant this Agreement. Such Investor is the sole owner of Warrants tendered for exchange under this Agreement, free and clear any pledges, liens, security interests, claims or other encumbrances kind (other than those arising applicable securities laws).
This Agreement (including the Schedules hereto) constitutes entire agreement, and supersedes all other prior agreements, understandings, representations warranties, both written oral, between parties, with respect to subject matter hereof. For avoidance of doubt, Securities Purchase shall remain in full force effect, but be deemed amended hereby, any provisions this that supplement, duplicate or contradict provision supersede corresponding from after effective date
All distributions under the Plan shall be subject to Participant satisfying any applicable federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations. The Corporation have power right require remit or deduct withhold from all amounts payable in connection with RSUs otherwise, an amount sufficient satisfy taxes required by law. Further, may permit satisfy, whole part, minimum obligations Shares that would otherwise received upon settlement of RSUs.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment the transactions contemplated hereby (i) are within corporate authority each Credit Party, (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary action (iii) do not will violate any provision law, statute, rule or regulation to which Party is subject judgment, order, writ, injunction, license permit applicable (iv) breach governing documents (v) agreement other instrument binding upon in case under clause where such violation breach, individually aggregate, could reasonably be expected a Material Adverse Effect.
The arbitration provisions of Section 18 the HRG Agreement are hereby incorporated into this by reference and shall apply mutatis mutandis to any dispute relating terms Agreement; provided , however that in event under Agreement, Parties agree first attempt negotiate a resolution such good faith before seeking through arbitration. The parties agree that, subject to the terms hereof, Executive shall serve as Co-Chief Officer of Company and a member its Board Directors, after Effective Date hereof in accordance with conditions set out this Amended Agreement.
All insurance policies required to be maintained by Borrower under Section 5.15 shall in full force and effect with respect the Projects Administrative Agent have received certified copies of all evidencing such (or certificates signed insurer or a broker authorized bind insurance), each case form substance reasonably satisfactory (acting consultation Insurance Consultant). (i) certificate Consultant, substantially Exhibit G-2 , Consultant’s report attached thereto, dated as Term Conversion Date, Majority Lenders (ii) compliance letter from Borrower’s broker, G-7 confirming that premiums Schedule paid Date been is otherwise .
The right of Licensee or Licensor to terminate this Agreement, as herein above provided, shall not be affected in any way by Licensee’s Licensor’s respective waiver failure take action with respect prior default breach. Painter understands that this Agreement shall be null and void if not executed by him within 21 days of his receipt the Agreement. This will become effective on eighth (8th) day after signs Agreement, so long as it has been signed Parties revoked either Party before date (“Effective Date”).
The Parent and each member of the Controlled Group have fulfilled their obligations under minimum funding standards ERISA Code with respect to Plan are in compliance all material respects presently applicable provisions Code, not incurred any liability PBGC or a Title IV (other than make contributions premium payments ordinary course).
Either Party may assign this Agreement and the licenses herein granted (a) to any Affiliate of such without prior written consent other Party, provided that remains fully liable for performance Party’s obligations hereunder by so informs assignment, (b) [***], with consent, (c) unless assignment is Third purchaser all or substantially assets businesses which relates, in case assigning will provide notice need not obtain consent. Any a requires Party. violation Section 16.01 ( Assignment ) shall be null void. This binding on inure benefit permitted successors assigns Parties hereto.
There is no Action pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened, which could reasonably be expected result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Company nor any Subsidiary, director or officer thereof, has been subject involving claim violation liability under federal state securities laws breach fiduciary duty. not been, and there contemplated, investigation by Commission current former Company.
Pledgor will promptly, and in any event within ten (10) days after service of process on the following, give to Buyer notice all litigation, actions, suits, arbitrations, investigations (including, without limitation, foregoing which are threatened or pending) other legal arbitrable proceedings affecting its Subsidiaries Property them before Governmental Authority that (i) questions challenges validity enforceability Repurchase Documents action be taken connection with transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) makes a claim individually aggregate an amount greater than $10,000,000, (iii) which, aggregate, if adversely determined, could reasonably likely have Material Adverse Effect. promptly provide judgment, passage time, cause Trigger Event hereunder.
The effective date of the transfer Assets shall be later of: (A) midnight on September 15, 2016; or (B) fifth business day after following to occur: (i) receipt any and all Required Approvals contemplated by Sections 4.6 5.3 hereof; (ii) satisfaction conditions set forth in 8 9 hereof (collectively, "Closing Date"). closing transactions herein (the "Closing"), including delivery Purchase Price, consummated at offices Purchaser Michael J. Snyder & Associates, PA 4000 Hollywood Blvd., Suite 455S, Hollywood, Florida 33021 Closing Date such other place, time as may mutually agreed upon parties hereto, provided have been met, occurred waived.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original but all together constitute one and the same instrument. by exchange between Parties electronically transmitted signatures (via facsimile, PDF format via e-mail or other electronic means) such to bind Party as if they were signatures. Notices, consents and other communications provided for herein shall (except as otherwise expressly permitted herein) be in writing given Paragraph 13I of the Note Agreement. Communications notices to any Guarantor it at its address set forth Schedule B hereto.
The parties agree that failure of any party to perform its agreements and covenants hereunder, including a party’s take all actions as are necessary on such part in accordance with the terms conditions this Warrant consummate transactions contemplated hereby, will cause irreparable injury other party, for which monetary damages, even if available, not be an adequate remedy. It is agreed shall entitled equitable relief injunctive specific performance hereof, without requirement posting bond or security, each hereby consents issuance by court competent jurisdiction compel obligations granting remedy being addition remedies at law equity.
This Agreement amends, restates, supersedes, and replaces in its entirety the Existing Credit Agreement. All obligations of Borrower under shall continue without interruption this all such are hereby ratified confirmed respects. Nothing contained herein be construed as a novation outstanding Agreement, which remain full force effect, except modified hereby. express or implied release discharge
No Borrower or Guarantor or, to Borrower’s knowledge, any other Person within the Borrowing Group is: (a) a Sanctioned Person; (b) controlled by acting on behalf of (c) under investigation for an alleged breach Sanction(s) governmental authority that enforces Sanctions. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Sellers agrees sell Shares, Purchaser shall purchase for a total Three Hundred Thirty SevenThousand Dollars ($337,000 U.S.) (the “Purchase Price” or “Funds”). This is private transaction between Purchaser.
All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Agent any Grantor hereunder shall be effected in manner provided for Section 9.01 of Credit Agreement; that such notice, request demand addressed at its notice address set forth on Schedule 1 . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived, or discharged unless such modification, waiver, discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive a member the Board, as applicable, respective parties’ legal representatives successors.
Any renewal, extension, increase, modification, alteration or rearrangement of all any part the Guaranteed Obligations, Note, Loan Agreement, other Documents, document, instrument, contract understanding between Borrower, Equity Owner and Lender, parties, pertaining to Obligations failure Lender notify Guarantor such action. No modification, amendment or addition to this Agreement, any provision hereof, shall be effective unless reduced writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of each Party. Agreement varied, contradicted explained oral agreement, course dealing performance other matter not set forth in an agreement
Servicer (i) is in material compliance with all Applicable Laws, including applicable AML-BSA and (ii) not violation of any order Regulatory Authority or other board tribunal, except, the case both (ii), where such noncompliance would reasonably be expected to have result a Material Adverse Effect respect impairment ability service Loans enforceability collectability Loans; has received notice that requirements foregoing; maintained respects records required by Authority; Accepted Servicing Practices.
Company agrees to provide Executive with an annual base salary of $1,100,000. Beginning on the Start Date, this sum will be paid over course twelve (12) months, in increments regular paydays, less such sums as law requires deduct or withhold. 2018, Executive’s future increases reviewed Company’s review cycle and decided accordance standard practices procedures applied similarly-situated senior executives Company, but no event may reduced.
A list of all Registered Intellectual Property each Credit Party and in-bound license or sublicense agreements, exclusive out-bound other rights any to use (but excluding licenses over-the-counter software that is commercially available the public), as Closing Date and, updated pursuant Section 6.14, set forth on Intangible Assets Schedule . Such shall be prepared by Borrower in form provided Agent contain information required such form. Except for Permitted Licenses, sole owner its free clear Liens. Each Patent valid enforceable no part Material has been judged invalid unenforceable, whole part, best Borrower's knowledge, claim made violates third party.
The Bank by action of the Board Directors, reserves exclusive right to amend, modify or terminate this Plan. Any such termination, modification amendment shall not diminish any present future rights benefits. give thirty (30) days’ notice, in writing, Participant prior effective date amendment, termination Plan may be amended terminated only if occurs accordance with requirements Section 409A.
An Eligible Borrower may take out a Participant Loan from his Before-Tax Account, After-Tax Rollover and, effective as of January 1, 2013, Roth provided in this Section 7.5 and the Procedures. This letter constitutes the entire agreement of parties with respect to subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements undertakings, both written oral, between such provided that nothing herein shall be deemed supersede or modify any provisions in Advisory Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed, including electronically, in one or more counterparts, each of which when so executed shall deemed to an original and all together constitute the same instrument. The headings of the paragraphs and subparagraphs this Agreement are for convenience only shall not control or affect meaning construction limit scope intent any provisions Agreement.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void unenforceable, the remainder terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force effect no way affected, impaired invalidated, as long essential terms conditions for each party valid, binding, enforceable. The parties hereto use their commercially reasonable efforts find employ an alternative means achieve same substantially result that contemplated such restriction. It hereby stipulated declared intention they would have executed remaining without including may hereafter unenforceable.
Borrower agrees to pay KeyBank, Agent, Syndication Agent and Arrangers for their own account certain fees services rendered or be in connection with the Loans as provided pursuant a fee letter dated August 27, 2014 among Borrower, March 17, 2016 (collectively “Agreement Regarding Fees”). Any annual agency administration payable under Agreement Fees shall paid on terms set forth therein. All such fully earned when nonrefundable any circumstances.
The Seller has not dealt with any Person who acted, directly or indirectly, as a broker, finder, financial adviser, in such other capacity for on behalf of the connection transactions described by this Agreement manner which would entitle to fee commission Agreement, except Marcus & Millichap will be paid if transaction contemplated closes. Jefferies LLC acted Seller’s advisor and shall compensated pursuant terms conditions separate agreement.
This Agreement (together with all documents and instruments referred to herein) constitutes the entire agreement, supersedes other prior agreements undertakings, both written oral, among parties respect subject matter hereof, including any employment or management continuity agreement under which Executive hereby agrees waive rights is terminated. Change its state of organization, name or the location chief executive office without at least sixty (60) days prior written notice to Agent.
All covenants, representations and warranties made in this Agreement shall continue full force effect while any Obligations remain outstanding. The provisions of Section 11 hereof the obligations Borrower under 12.2 survive Termination Date hereof. The Company shall have the authority and right to deduct withhold an amount sufficient satisfy federal, state, local foreign taxes required by law be withheld with respect any Retention Bonus payable under Plan.
PURCHASER WAIVES THE BENEFITS OF ANY LAW THAT GENERALLY PROVIDES A GENE R AL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS CREDITOR KNOW OR SUSPECT EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT TIME EXECUTING THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM, MAY HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED SETTLEMENT WITH DEBTOR. Unless otherwise noted herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have meanings given to them (as amended hereby).
Lessee agrees to indemnify and save harmless the Lessor against all claims relating damage persons or property by reason of Lessee's use occupancy Premises, expenses incurred with respect thereto, including but not limited attorney's fees court costs. The term of this Agreement shall continue through December 31, 2016. No Borrower shall use the proceeds of Loans in contravention requirements, if any, any Applicable Agency.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid, void or unenforceable by a court competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions not affected thereby and remain in full force effect. In event that covenant contained herein is enforceable accordance with its terms, Executive Company agree such reformed to make it manner provides as nearly possible result intended Agreement.
The parties shall hold the closing of transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “ Closing ”) at 10:00 A.M. on December , 2015 or such other time and place as agree date Closing, Date ”). This Agreement may not be amended, changed or modified except by a writing signed all of the parties hereto.
No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of a party hereto, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as waiver thereof; nor single partial preclude other further thereof privilege. The rights, remedies, powers privileges herein provided are cumulative not exclusive by law. Subject to the further provisions of this Agreement, Executive’s right receive RSU Shares covered by Agreement shall become vested (if at all) upon third anniversary date provided Executive remains continuously employed Company or a subsidiary through such anniversary.
Upon the Effective Date of employment under this Agreement, office, position and title for which Executive is initially employed that Chief Operating Officer. shall diligently render his services to Employer in a manner customary such office or equivalent additional positions within Company its Affiliates accordance with Employer’s directives, use best efforts good faith fulfilling responsibilities accomplishing directives. agrees devote full-time efforts, abilities, attention business Employer, not engage any activities will interfere efforts. well faithfully serve during continuance hereunder promote interests Employer. Executive’s home be Houston, Texas. report hereby acknowledges he fiduciary respect act otherwise comply obligation Affiliates.
If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, subject to the Subordination Agreement, Secured Party may declare any or all monetary Obligations due payable other immediately performable without notice Debtor exercise such option, shall have rights remedies a secured party under Uniform Commercial Code. take possession Collateral with judicial process. require assemble make it available at place be designated by which reasonably convenient Party. will give reasonable time public sale after private intended disposition made. The requirements met if mailed, postage prepaid, least 10 days before disposition.
For purposes of this letter, the terms "Change Control," "Cause," and "Good Reason" shall have following meanings. Neither Fund G nor any of its Affiliates has incurred liability, contingent or otherwise, for brokerage fee, commission financial advisory fee in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement which LD 12, Partnership respective will be liable.
Any notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing delivered person or sent registered certified mail, postage paid, to the Employee at last address has filed with Employers or, case of Employers, its main office, attention Chairman Board. This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with terms of this Agreement, remain force and effect until October 31, 2016.
Except as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement, Company shall use net proceeds from sale of Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and not such proceeds: (a) satisfaction any portion Company’s debt (other than payment payables ordinary course business prior practices), (b) redemption Common Stock or Equivalents, (c) settlement outstanding litigation (d) violation FCPA OFAC regulations.
Except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule, (i) Seller’s ownership and operation of Properties is in compliance with all applicable Laws (other than Environmental Law to which this Section 4(t) shall not apply), except such failures comply would not, individually or aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) necessary permits, licenses, approvals, consents, certificates, other authorizations respect been obtained maintained full force effect.
The validity, interpretation, construction and effect of the Plan any rules regulations relating to shall be governed by laws Commonwealth Pennsylvania (without regard conflicts thereof), applicable Federal law. Executive shall be entitled to participate in such pension, profit sharing, group insurance, hospitalization, and health (for his immediate family) nefit plans all other benefits plans, including perquisites, if any, as the Company provides its senior executives (the “ Benefit Plans ”).
Executive shall serve as President- International of the Company, and perform such duties consistent with his position may be assigned to him from time by Chief Officer Company (“CEO”) or Board Directors (the “Board”). hereunder at Company’s corporate offices 400 Perimeter Center Terrace, Suite 1000, Atlanta, Georgia, 30346, subject reasonable amount travel is necessary render services provided hereunder.
THE BORROWER AND LENDER WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING TORT, CONTRACT OTHERWISE) WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, CONNECTED WITH LOAN DOCUMENT RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED THEREUNDER. Any question or dispute regarding the administration interpretation of Notice this Agreement shall be submitted by Grantee Company to Administrator. The resolution such Administrator final and binding on all persons.
Each Guarantor hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably waives, to-the fullest extent permitted by law, (i) promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance any other with respect to this Guarantee, (ii) presentment, demand payment, protest, dishonor or nonpayment the Guaranteed Obligations, (iii) requirement that Agent Lenders protect, secure, perfect insure security interest Lien on property subject thereto exhaust right take action against Borrowers Person collateral, (iv) action, event precondition enforcement Guarantee performance each its obligations hereunder.
Borrower represents and warrants that no proceeds of any Advance hereunder will be used (i) for a purpose violates, or would inconsistent with, (A) Section 7.2(e) this Agreement (B) Regulation T, U X promulgated by the Board Governors Federal Reserve System from time to (ii) acquire security in transaction which is subject 12, 13 14 Securities Exchange Act 1934, as amended.
As of the Effective Date, Executive shall be paid a base salary not less than $225,000 (the “Base Salary”) which Base Salary earned and payable at such intervals frequently monthly, in equal installments, otherwise manner as is consistent with Company’s normal practice for remuneration executives. The Board review Executive’s on each anniversary dates execution this agreement order to determine whether should receive an upward adjustment.
The Plan, and all Agreements hereunder, shall be governed, construed administered in accordance with governed by the laws of Commonwealth Virginia intention Company is that ISOs granted under Plan qualify as such Code Section 422. Awards are subject to present future applicable provisions Code. If any provision or an Award conflicts provision, Committee cause amended, modify Award, so comply, if for reason amendments cannot made, void no effect.
This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and agreements regarding certain fees referred to herein constitute entire contract between parties relative subject matter hereof. Any previous agreement among or representations from their Affiliates with respect hereof is superseded by this Agreement Documents. Notwithstanding foregoing, Fee Letter shall survive execution delivery of remain in full force effect. Nothing Documents, expressed implied, intended confer upon any party than hereto thereto rights, remedies, obligations liabilities under reason
This Agreement is in satisfaction of and lieu all prior discussions agreements, oral or written, between the Company Grantee regarding subject matter hereof. The hereby declare represent that no promise agreement not herein expressed has been made this contains entire parties hereto with respect to Restricted Shares replaces makes null void any agreements Shares. Subject restrictions set forth Sections 11 17, will be binding upon inure benefit their respective heirs, successors assigns.
None of the proceeds any Loans or Letters Credit will be used, directly indirectly, for “purchasing” “carrying” “margin stock” within respective meanings each such terms under Regulation U purpose that violates provisions T, X. Neither Borrower nor its Subsidiaries is engaged principally, as one important activities, in business extending credit purchasing carrying stock”. The use Revolving Loans, Swingline and initial Term working capital, capital expenditures, dividends, distributions Permitted Acquisitions not prohibited by this Agreement, other general corporate purposes Agreement. Incremental Other Refinancing set forth Commitment Joinder Amendment.
The Parent Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any payment payable pursuant this Agreement such amounts as the is required with respect making of under Code or provision U.S. federal, state, local non-U.S. Tax law. To extent that are so withheld paid over appropriate Taxing Authority by Corporation, treated for all purposes having been relevant TRA Holder.
In connection with the Second Closing, Borrowers shall pay to YA Global II SPV LLC (as designee of Investor) a commitment fee in amount equal $100,000. 50% ($50,000) be due and payable cash on Closing Date. The remaining $50,000 paid or freely tradable shares common stock as follows: (i) $25,000 before July 1, 2017, (ii) December 31, provided that these portions waived if have repaid at least $500,000 principal $1,000,000 Note issued 2017.
The rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall not be assignable or delegable, except that (i) in event Executive’s death, personal representative legatees distributees estate, as case may be, have right to receive any amount owing unpaid Executive hereunder, (ii) Company hereunder delegable connection with merger, consolidation sale all substantially assets similar respect successor corporation. Notwithstanding anything herein contrary, inure benefit of, binding upon, its business by merger otherwise, whether there is an express assignment, delegation assumption such obligations.
The Grantee’s right to the Common Stock subject this Award Agreement and still a Restriction Period automatically shall terminate be forfeited by Grantee as described in Section 2. Committee retains accelerate or waive restrictions on covered Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits, annexes, and schedules thereto, contain entire understanding of parties respect to subject matter hereof thereof supersede all prior agreements understandings, oral or written, such matters, which acknowledge have been merged into documents, exhibits schedules.
During the Employment Period, Executive shall receive a gross salary at rate of 5 200 000 SEK per year (“ Base Salary ”), less normal withholdings, payable in equal monthly installments as are or become customary under Company’s payroll practices for its employees from time to time. The Compensation Committee (the “ ”) Board Directors review Executive’s annually during Period. Any increases purposes this Agreement.
At any time upon the request of Administrative Agent, Borrower will, promptly and at its expense, execute, acknowledge deliver such further documents perform other acts things as Agent may reasonably to evidence Loans made hereunder interest thereon in accordance with terms this Agreement. The has agreed some instances that maximum amount secured by a Deed Trust be limited order reduce fees or taxes paid particular jurisdiction.
(a) This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this on any number separate counterparts (including facsimile other electronic image scan transmission), and all said taken together shall deemed constitute same instrument. A set copies signed lodged with Borrower Administrative Agent. Delivery an counterpart a signature page in ( e.g. , “pdf” “tif”) format effective as delivery manually Agreement.
THE GUARANTOR IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF ITS PROPERTY, TO NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF COURTS STATE NEW YORK SITTING IN COUNTY UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN YORK, ANY APPELLATE FROM THEREOF, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT RELATING THIS GUARANTY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, RECOGNITION ENFORCEMENT JUDGMENT, EACH PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS RESPECT SUCH MAY BE HEARD DETERMINED OR, FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FEDERAL COURT. A FINAL JUDGMENT SHALL CONCLUSIVE ENFORCED JURISDICTIONS SUIT ON MANNER PROVIDED LAW. NOTHING DOCUMENT AFFECT RIGHT CREDIT PARTY OTHERWISE HAVE BRING AGAINST PROPERTIES JURISDICTION.
For purposes of this Agreement (a) the cost labor and material (except stored unincorporated materials) furnished for Work shall be deemed to incurred by Borrower when have been incorporated into Project payment therefor is due payable, (b) materials such are purchased Borrower, (c) services (other than included in Work) actually rendered (d) real estate taxes, interest insurance premiums items become (e) any other costs but not before value received return has Borrower.
Borrower is a corporation, duly organized, and validly existing, in good standing under the laws of State Delaware. Each Subsidiary limited liability company, Florida. each has all necessary power authority to transact business which it engaged; licensed or qualified other jurisdiction conduct such requires licensing qualification, except where failure be so would not have Material Adverse Effect. Guarantor enter this Agreement execute, deliver perform Agreement, Note, Collateral Documents any document executed connection with been authorized by proper action Guarantor.
The parties shall keep this Agreement and its terms confidential, but any party may make such disclosures as it reasonably considers are required by law or necessary to obtain financing. In the event that transactions contemplated not consummated for reason whatsoever, hereto agree disclose use confidential information they have concerning affairs of other parties, except which is be disclosed. Confidential includes, limited to, financial records, surveys, reports, plans, proposals, information, relating personnel contracts, stock ownership, liabilities litigation.
THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS OBLIGATIONS OF PARTIES UNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GOVERNED BY LAW (WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO CONFLICT PRINCIPLES THEREOF) STATE NEW YORK . Employee shall be entitled to three (3) weeks paid vacation for each year during his employment with the Company, which vacations taken at such time or times as not unreasonably interfere Employee’s performance of duties under this Agreement. Additional earned in accordance Company’s policy.
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “ Closing ”) shall take place at offices Porter Hedges LLP, 1000 Main Street, Houston, Texas 77002, commencing 9:00 a.m. local time fifth (5 th ) Business Day after all conditions to in Section 8.1 or 8.2 have been satisfied waived, such other date as Buyer and Seller may mutually determine Date ”).
The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) keep maintain all property material to the conduct business Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in good working order condition, ordinary wear tear excepted, (b) with financially sound reputable carriers insurance such amounts against risks is customarily maintained by companies engaged same or similar businesses operating locations. furnish Administrative Agent (for distribution Lenders), upon request Agent, information reasonable detail so maintained.
Each Credit Document executed, or to be by each Loan Party has been, will be, duly executed and delivered such constitutes, constitute, a legal, valid binding obligation of Party, enforceable against in accordance with its terms, except as limited bankruptcy, insolvency other laws general application relating affecting the enforcement creditors’ rights generally principles equity.
All communications and notices hereunder shall be in writing given as provided the Credit Agreement. All communications and notices hereunder shall be in writing given as provided Section 8.8 of the ABL Intercreditor Agreement. to New Grantor it at address set forth under its signature hereto, which information supplements A duly executed counterpart of the Assignment.
All expenses incurred in any registration of the Holder's Registerable Securities under this Agreement shall be paid by Company, including, without limitation, printing expenses, fees and disbursements counsel for audits to which Company agree or necessary comply with governmental requirements connection such registration, all filing federal State securities laws, complying blue sky laws jurisdictions pursuant Section 3(h)(i); provided, however, not liable (a) discounts commissions underwriter; (b) stock transfer taxes respect sold Offering (c) Holder, provided that will pay costs when Company's is representing selling security holders.
If the Executive’s employment is terminated because of Disability during Employment Period, this Agreement will terminate without any further obligation on part Company under Agreement, other than for (i) payment Accrued Obligations and six months Base Salary (which shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum cash within 30 days Date Termination; (ii) timely Welfare Continuance Benefit; (iii) all disability retirement benefits pursuant terms plan, policy or arrangement its affiliated companies.
This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so and delivered shall an original, but all such counterparts together constitute one same agreement, signatures need not appear on any counterpart. Executed copies signature pages this sent facsimile or transmitted electronically portable document format similar format, treated as originals, fully binding with full legal force effect, waive rights they have to object treatment.
The Plan and the Option Agreement under which these options are covered, incorporated herein by reference. This Notice of Exercise, constitute entire agreement parties with respect to subject matter hereof supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings agreements Company Purchaser hereof, may not be modified adversely Purchaser’s interest except means a writing signed Purchaser.
Any notice provided pursuant to this Agreement, if specified be in writing, shall writing and deemed given: (i) by facsimile, hand delivery or service, upon receipt thereof; (ii) mailed, three days after deposit the mail, postage prepaid. All notices addressed Parties at addresses below such other as either Party may future specify other.
References in the singular shall include plural, and vice versa, unless context otherwise requires. masculine feminine neuter, Headings this Agreement are for convenience of reference only not limit or affect meanings provisions hereof. Neither party, nor its respective counsel, be deemed drafter purposes construing Agreement, all language parts construed accordance with fair meaning, strictly against either party.
Each of Holdings, the Borrower and each its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all Intellectual Property necessary for conduct business as currently conducted, except could not reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect. No claim has been asserted pending by any Person challenging questioning validity effectiveness owned that result in breach representation warranty set forth first sentence this Section 4.9, nor does know valid basis such claim. The use Subsidiaries, taken whole, infringe on rights manner 4.9.
Once the full Purchase Price has been paid, Seller acknowledges that it no other, further, or additional claims against Company, and hereby releases any all Company. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms in the Note Agreement are used herein as therein defined. This Agreement may not be amended, altered or modified except by a written agreement between the parties hereto.
To the extent subject matter jurisdiction exists, Licensee and Goodyear agree that any action arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be brought in United States District Court having over Parties. Each Party irrevocably consents venue such courts (and appropriate appellate thereof) action, claim proceeding waives, fullest permitted by Law, objection it may now hereafter have laying suit court has been an inconvenient forum. Process served on anywhere world, whether within without court.
The services rendered by Executive to the Company are unique and personal. Accordingly, may not assign any of rights or delegate duties obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement is enforceable its affiliates may, upon written notice Executive, be assigned transferred to, shall binding inure benefit of, parent, subsidiary other affiliate entity which at time, whether merger, purchase, otherwise, acquires all substantially assets, stock business Company.
The Company will reimburse Executive for standard business expenses pursuant to the Company’s policies in effect from time time. In event that any expense reimbursements are taxable Executive, such be made frame specified by Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv) unless another complies with or is exempt “Section 409A” (as defined below) reimbursement policy. reasonable legal fees associated review of this Agreement and other related agreements up a maximum amount ten thousand dollars ($10,000).
This Agreement shall continue until the first date on which either MBC Obligations or Issuer’s are indefeasibly paid in full cash and Webster’s commitments to lend under Credit have irrevocably terminated. The provisions of this Agreement that may be reasonably interpreted as surviving its termination, including the applicable Sections 3-11 hereof, shall continue in effect after termination Agreement. GEE is entitled to communicate Consultant’s obligations under any future client or potential Consultant.
Proceeds of Advances shall only be used by the Borrower to (A) first , make deposits into Liquidity Reserve Account (up Required Balance) and Pre-Placed In Service Balance), (B) second with respect Advance, pay certain fees expenses incurred in connection establishment credit facility set forth this Agreement (C) third distributions Original Lessor.
At the time of issuance Common Stock upon vesting Restricted Units, Company shall withhold from that otherwise would have been delivered to you, an appropriate number shares having a Fair Market Value determined in accordance with Plan, equal amount necessary satisfy minimum federal, state and local tax withholding obligation respect Units. The distribution described Section 4 will be net such are withheld applicable taxes pursuant this 10.
On the terms and subject to conditions set forth in this Agreement, Purchaser hereby purchases, acquires accepts from Seller, Sellers sells, transfers, assigns, conveys delivers all of issued outstanding membership interests SUDS Properties LLC. Simultaneously with execution Seller shall execute, acknowledge deliver an Assignment Membership Interests acceptable assigning LLC be acquired by pursuant Agreement.
This Warrant, together with the Financing Agreement and other Transaction Documents, constitutes sole entire agreement of parties to this Warrant respect subject matter contained herein, supersedes all prior contemporaneous understandings agreements, both written oral, such matter. In event any inconsistency between statements in body Agreement, or shall control. No provisions of this Agreement or any Ancillary shall be deemed waived, amended, supplemented modified by a Party, unless such waiver, amendment (including extension the term Service), supplement modification is in writing and signed authorized representative Party against whom it sought to enforce amendment, modification.
The Applicant agrees that the execution of Agreement and other Project Documents, performance its obligations hereunder thereunder, shall be deemed to have a Connecticut situs, subject personal jurisdiction courts State with respect any action Commissioner, his successors or assigns may commence thereunder. Accordingly, hereby specifically irrevocably consents all matters concerning this Documents enforcement thereof in initiated by Commissioner which voluntarily joins as party.
This Plan shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by a Participant's personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees legatees. If Participant should die while any amount is still payable under this had continued live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, paid in accordance with terms estate. A rights not transferable subject lien attachment.
The Executive shall serve as the Chief Officer of Corporation with such duties, responsibilities and authority are commensurate consistent his position, may be, from time to time, assigned him by Board Directors Corporation. report directly Corporation, President, Financial all other "C" level officers Executive. During term this Agreement, devote full business efforts performance duties hereunder unless otherwise authorized Directors. Notwithstanding foregoing, expenditure reasonable amounts for making passive personal investments, conduct private affairs charitable professional activities be allowed, provided do not materially interfere services required rendered hereunder.
The parties acknowledge that the indemnification and other provisions of Section 8 Advisory Agreement apply with respect to ACM’s involvement in transactions contemplated by Merger this letter; provided ACM shall not be entitled pursuant for any liability ARCC or is finally, judicially determined have arisen solely out breach its obligations under letter Agreement; further that, if are both alleged breached Agreement, connection actions, suits, investigations proceedings relating thereto.
This Agreement contains the entire understanding of parties with respect to subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements relating thereto, written or oral, between parties. Amendments this must be in writing, signed by duly authorised officers The Employee will not disparage the Company or any of its directors, officers, agents employees otherwise take action which could reasonably be expected to adversely affect reputation personal professional Company’s employees.
The Loan Parties have heretofore furnished to the Lenders (a) audited consolidated statement of financial condition and statements operations, changes in partners’ capital cash flows Blackstone Group as end for fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, by accompanied report Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, (b) unaudited condensed quarter June 30, 2016, certified a Financial Officer, (c) income 2015 combined Guarantors Subsidiaries, substantially form delivered pursuant Existing Credit Agreement, (d) 2016 Agreement (e) reconciliation prepared Officer referred clause those (c).
Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right trial jury in action, proceeding, claim or counterclaim arising out of relating this Agreement transactions contemplated under Agreement. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries are as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to Contribution will be, on a consolidated basis, Solvent.
Following a Change in Control, the Company will indemnify and advance expenses to Covered Employee for damages, costs (including, without limitation, judgments, fines, penalties, settlements reasonable fees of Employee’s counsel) (the “ Expenses ”) incurred connection with all matters, events transactions relating service or status any other corporation, employee benefit plan Person which served at request extent that would have been required do so under applicable law, corporate articles, bylaws agreements instruments nature covering Employee, including indemnification agreement between as effect immediately prior Control further may be determined agreed upon following Control.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and other communications for hereunder shall be in writing mailed or delivered, (a) if to Assignor, at the address specified pursuant Security Agreement (b) Assignee, Agreement; any case such of persons listed above may hereafter notify others writing. All by overnight courier, effective when received.
This Agreement shall be governed and controlled as to validity, enforcement, interpretation, construction, effect in all other respects by the internal Laws of State Delaware applicable contracts made that state, without giving any choice law or conflict provision rule would cause application jurisdiction than Delaware. The Program Documents, including exhibits, constitute the entire agreement between Parties with respect to subject matter hereof, and supersede any prior or contemporaneous negotiations oral written agreements regard same matter.
Borrower has obtained and delivered to Lender certificates evidencing the Policies required be maintained under Section 5.1.1 . All such are in full force effect, with all premiums prepaid thereunder. No claims have been made that currently pending, outstanding or otherwise remain unsatisfied any would reasonably expected a Material Adverse Effect. With respect Policy, neither nor, Borrower’s Manager’s knowledge, other Person, done, by act omission, anything which impaired impair coverage of material respect.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between parties hereto and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings arrangements, oral or written, with respect to subject matter hereof. Any waiver modification of any term this shall be effective only if it is set forth in writing signed by hereto. The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of 10.02(d) shall survive termination Term Commitment repayment, satisfaction or discharge all other Secured Obligations.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (a) is a corporation, partnership (in the case only) or limited liability company duly properly incorporated formed, as may be validly existing (to extent such concept applies to entity) in good standing under laws jurisdiction incorporation organization, (b) qualified foreign organization authorized do business every other where ownership operation property conduct would require it qualified, authorized, unless failure so not have reasonably expected Material Adverse Effect (c) has all requisite authority which now conducted.
If, within twelve (12) months following the date of a Change in Control (as defined Plan), Grantee’s employment or service with Company its Affiliates is terminated without Cause below) by for Good Reason Grantee, then Restricted Stock Units will fully vest and be settled shares Common or, Committee’s discretion, cancelled exchange payment same consideration to received stockholders transaction.
Except, in each case, for the Liens granted to Collateral Agent benefit of Secured Parties pursuant this Agreement, permitted under Section 6.02 Credit Agreement and Dispositions 6.05 such Pledgor owns has rights and, as Pledged acquired by it from time after date hereof, will own have item pledged hereunder, which shall be free clear any all Liens. Schedules 6(a) 6(b) Perfection Certificate set forth, a true, correct complete list Patents issued applied with United States Patent Trademark Office Trademarks registered applied-for Copyrights Copyright Office, case owned Pledgor.
The Plan and all related documents shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, the laws of State New York (except to extent Delaware General Corporation Law provisions federal law may applicable), without reference principles conflict laws. If any provision hereof held by a court competent jurisdiction invalid unenforceable, remaining continue fully effective.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be in addition to those any guaranty, pledge or security agreement, note other evidence liability held by Lender, all which construed as complementary each other. Nothing herein contained prevent Lender from enforcing notes, agreements accordance with their respective terms. Executive acknowledges that a remedy at law for any breach of this Article II , which includes claims arising under the Non-Competition Agreements, will be inadequate, agrees Company shall entitled to specific performance and injunctive other equitable relief in case such or attempted breach.
If the Executive dies during Employment Period, this Agreement and Executive’s employment with Company shall automatically terminate Company’s obligations to estate Qualified Beneficiaries be those set forth in Section 6(a) 6(c) regarding severance compensation. The Key Person shall be responsible for taxes due upon the vesting of any RSU granted hereunder and later transfer by share common stock Company received an RSU.
The parties hereto understand that the Shares are being offered in reliance upon representation, warranties and covenants of each hereto; exemptions under applicable securities laws availability such are, part, dependent truthfulness accuracy representations made by undersigned herein; Company will rely on accepting any subscriptions for Shares; may take steps as it considers reasonable to verify advance or rejecting undersigned’s subscription. agrees indemnify hold harmless Company, a third party beneficiary hereof, against damage, loss, expense cost, including attorneys’ fees, sustained result misstatement omission part this Agreement.
This Agreement may be amended by a writing which specifically states that it is amending this executed (i) the Company and Executive, (ii) Committee, so long as copy of such amendment delivered to provided no adversely affecting rights Executive hereunder made without Executive’s written consent or (iii) Committee in any way deem necessary advisable carry out purpose grant result change applicable laws regulations future law, regulation, ruling, judicial decision.
To the extent that vesting of a Phantom Unit or distribution thereon results in receipt compensation by Service Provider with respect to which any Partnership Entities has tax withholding obligation pursuant applicable law, unless other arrangements have been made are acceptable such Entity, shall deliver Entity amount money as may require meet its obligations under law. No settlement Units be this Agreement until paid approved satisfy full requirements event.
Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary of the Parties is in compliance all material respects with requirements laws orders, writs, injunctions decrees applicable to it or its properties, except such instances which (a) requirement law order, writ, injunction decree being contested good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted (b) failure comply therewith, either individually aggregate, could not reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Amendment and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract tort otherwise) based upon, arising out relating to this shall all respects be governed by, construed accordance with, the laws State New York applicable contracts executed performed entirely within such State, further subject provisions Sections 10.14 10.15 Credit Agreement.
This Modification Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each such counterpart, when so delivered, shall deemed to an original binding upon the party signing counterpart; all counterparts taken together constitute one same instrument. All payments to Employee under this Agreement will be reduced by all applicable withholding required federal, state or local law.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (and by different parties hereto counterparts), each which where so and delivered shall constitute an original, but all when taken together a single contract. It not necessary making proof this to produce or account for more than one such counterpart. Delivery counterpart signature page telecopy other electronic imaging means effective as delivery manually Agreement.
Immediately after giving effect to the initial Credit Extensions made on Closing Date, (a) fair value of assets Parties, taken as a whole, will exceed their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise; (b) present saleable property be greater than amount that required pay probable liability other otherwise, such liabilities become absolute mature; (c) no Party have unreasonably small capital with which conduct business in it is engaged now conducted proposed following Date.
This Agreement shall not be assignable, in whole or part, by Executive. The Company may, upon notice to Executive, assign its rights and obligations under this an Affiliate of the any purchaser substantially all Company’s assets. Upon such assignment Company, enforceable Executive assignee respectively. After discharged from further liability hereunder
The Borrower shall use the proceeds of 2016 Incremental Loans (a) to finance Transactions and (b) for other purposes not prohibited by Existing Credit Agreement. Gatherer’s Operating Terms and Conditions, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A, are for all purposes incorporated in this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, and said counterparts constitute but one the same instrument. The invalidity or unenforceability any provision this not affect validity enforceability other Agreement.
Buyer shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant this Agreement Seller or any other Person such amounts as is required under Code, Tax Law, with respect making of payment. To extent that are so withheld, withheld treated for all purposes having been paid in whom deduction withholding was made.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of State New York, without giving effect to conflict law principles thereof. Borrower will not, and not permit any Guarantor or their respective Subsidiaries, to enter into arrangement, directly indirectly, whereby Borrower, such Subsidiary shall sell transfer Real Estate owned by it in order that then thereafter lease back without the prior written consent of Agent, be unreasonably withheld.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be determined to illegal or unenforceable by court law competent governmental other authority, the remaining provisions severable and enforceable in accordance with their terms so long as without such does not fail its essential commercial purpose purposes. The parties will negotiate good faith replace suitable substitute that maintain economic purposes intentions Agreement.
Subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in this Agreement, TAT shall indemnify hold harmless, fullest extent permitted by law, Mitchell for amount of any Damages suffered or incurred arising directly indirectly from, connection with, Guaranteed Payments. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall deemed to an original, but all together constitute one and the same instrument. The parties agree that this legally binding upon electronic transmission, including by facsimile or email, party a signed signature page other party.
Promptly upon becoming aware thereof, notify Lender of any actions or proceedings which are pending threatened against such Borrower would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and Commercial Tort Claims may arise. Except as set forth in Section 4.7 , Buyer shall not and cause its Affiliates (including the Acquired Entities after Closing) to assert, by way of claim, litigation or otherwise, any right insurance policies Seller benefit thereunder. retain all right, title interest under such policies.
This letter shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of State New York, including without limitation Sections 5-1401 5-1402 York General Obligations Law Civil Practice Laws Rules 327(b), applicable provisions Investment Company Act, if any. To extent that or any herein, conflict with any, latter control. The parties unconditionally irrevocably consent to exclusive jurisdiction courts located waive objection respect thereto, for purpose action, suit proceeding arising out relating this transactions contemplated hereby.
Employee and Company agree that upon Employee’s breach of any provision this Agreement, the will deliver written notice such to Employee, if is capable being cured, fails cure within fifteen (15) days receipt notice, may cease making payments described in Paragraph 3 seek all other damages remedies available Company, including but not limited its attorney’s fees costs.
This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of New York without regard to conflicts law principles. Any action or proceeding by either parties enforce this Agreement brought only a state federal court located State York, County York. The hereby irrevocably submit non-exclusive jurisdiction such courts and waive defense inconvenient forum maintenance any venue.
All Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) . The owns, directly or indirectly, all capital stock other equity interests each Subsidiary free and clear any Liens, issued outstanding shares validly fully paid, non-assessable preemptive similar rights to subscribe for purchase securities. If has no subsidiaries, references them in Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.
The execution of this Agreement and the creation pledge set forth herein shall not constitute a novation, amendment, release or payment, delivery as payment ( dación en pago ) any Secured Obligations. Consultant and the Company agree that they may gain access to or become familiar with trade secrets, computer databases, files, documentation, other confidential information, which be valuable assets property rights of party (“Confidential Information”).
All necessary limited liability company action has been taken by or on the part of Purchaser to authorize its execution and delivery this Agreement Transaction Documents be delivered it performance obligations hereunder thereunder. The Company shall reimburse Consultant for all ordinary and reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by him in connection with his performance of services the during Term, provided submits an expense reimbursement request supporting documentation accordance Company’s policy effect from time to time.
The Borrower shall, and shall cause its Consolidated Subsidiaries to, comply in all material respects with applicable laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, requirements of governmental authorities (including, without limitation, Environmental Laws, zoning building codes respect to Real Property Assets ERISA the rules regulations thereunder federal securities laws) except where necessity compliance therewith is contested good faith by appropriate proceedings or failure do so will not have a Material Adverse Effect expose Administrative Agent Banks any liability therefor.
Seller Parties will promptly, and in any event within ten (10) calendar days after service of process on the following, give to Buyer notice all litigation, actions, suits, arbitrations, investigations (including, without limitation, foregoing which are threatened or pending) other legal arbitrable proceedings affecting Party its Subsidiaries Property them before Governmental Authority that (i) questions challenges validity enforceability Program Agreements action be taken connection with transactions contemplated hereby (ii) which, individually aggregate, is reasonably likely adversely determined, if could have a Material Adverse Effect. promptly provide judgment, passage time, cause an Event Default hereunder.
Executive shall perform such officer level duties and have authority responsibility as is usual customary for a Chief Officer, plus any additional may reasonably be assigned from time to by the Board, including but not limited providing services an and/or member of boards directors one or more Company’s subsidiaries affiliates. carry out responsibilities Executive, best his ability, in trustworthy, businesslike efficient manner purpose advancing business Company comply with policies procedures, generally effect time, all material respects. Except otherwise approved Board writing, devote substantially performance under this Agreement.
Each of the Borrower and Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be all Tax returns reports required have been paid Taxes by it, except (i) that are being contested in good faith appropriate proceedings for which such Subsidiary, as applicable, set aside on its books adequate reserves (ii) extent failure do so could not reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
The provisions of this Plan shall be construed, administered, and enforced in accordance with the applicable Federal Law and, to extent applicable, laws state which Trustee has its principal place business. foregoing Section not preclude Employer from agreeing a different law respect construction, administration enforcement Plan. After the date hereof, at reasonable request of other party, TWH and NCAP shall execute deliver or cause to be executed delivered party such bills sale (or instruments) as required by this Agreement, in order implement transactions contemplated Agreement.
Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, the terms used in this Agreement that are defined Plan have same meanings Plan. If Award was granted to Participant under Company’s Long Term Incentive Plan, another Benefit of Company or is subject a which covers Participant, such an employment severance agreement, also will be This Agreement, and Plans construed consistent manner. In event conflict between conditions any Plans, order precedence follows: (i) constitutes agreement; (ii) long term incentive plan other equity awards issued Plan; (iii) (iv) Agreement.
The Borrower will use the proceeds of Loans, and may request issuance Letters Credit, solely for working capital other general corporate purposes, including transactions that are not prohibited by terms this Agreement (including Permitted Investments Acquisitions) to finance Transactions; provided Term A-1 Loans a portion Argentum Acquisitions pay fees expenses in connection with Initial Loans.
This Note shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of State Texas. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Closing Date and continue for a period seven (7) years thereafter (the “ Term ”). Any provision hereof that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective the extent of prohibition unenforceability without invalidating remaining provisions hereof, and shall not invalidate render other jurisdiction.
The parties to this Guaranty agree that, on the Closing Date, terms and provisions of Original shall be hereby are amended, superseded restated in their entirety by Guaranty. All obligations incurred under which outstanding Date continue as Guaranteed Obligations (and governed of) other Loan Documents. Without limiting foregoing, upon effectiveness hereof: (a) all references any existing Documents “Guaranty” deemed refer (b) constituting “Guaranteed Obligations” (as referred defined Guaranty)
This Agreement and the Notes are result of negotiations among, has been reviewed by, Company, Secured Party their respective counsel. Accordingly, this shall be deemed to product all parties hereto, no ambiguity construed in favor or against Company Party. (a) Prior to the Discharge of Priority Lien Obligations, if any Second Secured Party, contrary this Agreement, commences or participates in action proceeding against Grantor Collateral, such Grantor, with prior written consent Agent, may interpose as a defense dilatory plea making and Party intervene its their name Grantor.
This option and the rights privileges conferred hereby shall not be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge, such attempted action void no benefit interest liable for debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements, torts of Participant. No waiver of any term, condition or covenant this Agreement shall be deemed to a subsequent breaches the same other terms, covenants conditions hereof.
All notices, demands and requests given or required to be by, pursuant to, relating this Deed of Trust shall in writing. notices deemed have been properly if mailed by United States registered certified mail, with return receipt requested, postage prepaid, Express Mail other comparable overnight courier service the parties at addresses set forth Defined Terms (or such as writing any party others) complete upon refusal accept delivery indicated service.
The authorized capital of the Company consists 100,000,000 shares common stock, par value $0.0001, which a total 5,533,000 are issued and outstanding (the “Issued Outstanding Common Stock”) Issued Stock has been duly authorized, issued, fully paid nonassessable, free clear all liens, charges, pledges, security interests, encumbrances, right first refusal, preemptive or other restriction. No person, firm corporation any right, agreement, warrant option, present future, contingent absolute, capable becoming agreement option to require issue in its convert securities company into Company.
No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any Lender, right, remedy, power privilege hereunder under other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor single partial preclude further thereof privilege. The rights, remedies, powers privileges herein provided are cumulative not exclusive by Requirements Law.
The proceeds of the Loans will be used only to finance Acquisition and pay fees expenses in connection therewith. No part any Loan used, whether directly or indirectly, for purpose that entails a violation Regulations Board, including T, U X. Borrower not request Borrowing, shall use, maintain effect enforce policies procedures designed reasonably ensure its Subsidiaries their respective directors, officers, employees agents Borrowing (i) furtherance an offer, payment, promise pay, authorization payment giving money, anything else value, Person Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) funding, financing facilitating activities, business transaction with Sanctioned Person, Country (iii) manner would result Sanctions applicable party hereto.
Unless the Committee permits or requires such withholding obligation to be satisfied by another method described in Section 15(c) of Plan, t he Participant shall required pay Company, and Company (or any Affiliate) have right withhold from Option Shares delivered Participant, amount federal, state local taxes withheld, if any, upon exercise Option.
I will not make statements that damage, disparage or otherwise diminish the reputation and business practices of MetLife its affiliated entities, their current and/or former officers, agents, directors employees. This includes made verbally, in writing electronically. The only exception is if am compelled by a court law authorized to do this pursuant legal administrative process.
The proceeds of any Loan made hereunder shall be used for general corporate and working capital purposes Parent its Subsidiaries. If an Executive’s employment at the Company is terminated any time after a Change in Control for reason (whether by him or her Company), shall pay to payments described Sections 3.1.1 through 3.1.5 below.
Any notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing delivered person or sent registered certified mail, postage prepaid, to the Executive at last address has filed with Company, Company its main office, attention of Board. METABOLIX has the authority to enter into this Agreement and carry out its obligations hereunder.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Borrower may request that standby letters of credit denominated in Dollars be issued under this Agreement for its own account or any Restricted Subsidiary, a form reasonably acceptable Administrative Agent applicable Issuing Bank, at time from during Revolving Commitment Period. In event inconsistency between letter application other agreement submitted by to, entered into with, Bank relating Letter Credit, shall control.
Except (a) in the ordinary course of business, (b) with respect to Patents and Copyrights that are no longer useful business applicable Assignor, or (c) as otherwise permitted by Secured Debt Agreements, each Assignor hereby agrees not divest itself any right under Patent Copyright acquired after date hereof absent prior written approval Collateral Agent.
The Company will indemnify Employee to the same extent indemnifies other comparable level executives of consistent with Company's Certificate Incorporation and Bylaws . There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending nor, to its knowledge, threatened in writing against any Credit Party Subsidiary thereof of their respective properties court before arbitrator kind by Governmental Authority that could reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect.
(a) The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Bank from against any all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, or reasonable costs expenses whatsoever which may incur (or be claimed by Person whatsoever) reason of in connection with transfer of, payment failure to pay under, Letter Credit (including, not limitation but furtherance foregoing, circumstances set forth Section 4.1 hereof) litigation other proceeding way restraining, enjoining, affecting issuance entering into this Agreement performance obligations hereunder; provided that required for extent caused directly bad faith, gross negligence willful misconduct Bank. under 8.4 survive termination Credit.
In the event that Employee breaches or attempts to breach Covenants contained, Company shall be entitled reimbursement from for all costs and expenses associated with any successful action enforce of Covenants, including but not limited reasonable attorneys’ fees litigation. Should file an against relating a court competent jurisdiction determines did defending such asserting breach, costs.
Mr. Hamburger will not directly or indirectly say do anything that would disparage, reflect negatively on, call into question Employer's business operations, products, reputation, relationships, present future business, the of any other Releasees, except as may be required by law. This non-disparagement provision, however, shall prevent from revealing evidence criminal wrongdoing to law enforcement.
Subject to the last paragraph of Section 1, extent not required be disclosed by law or applicable regulation Company Executive, existence this Release, its terms, and negotiation shall remain strictly confidential in any manner Executive third party other than Executive’s attorney, tax advisor, spouse, provided such person is made aware agrees terms Section. However, Release may used as evidence proceeding which one Parties alleges a breach seeks declaratory judgment on obligations contained asserts claims inconsistent with Release.
The Borrower agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses of the Agent in connection with preparation, execution delivery this Amendment, including without limitation fees Agent’s legal counsel. hereby authorizes debit such from any Borrower’s deposit accounts maintained Agent, on date hereof or at time hereafter. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of parties hereto with respect to subject matter hereof. There are no agreements, representations, warranties, covenants or understandings hereof thereof other than those expressly set herein and therein. supersedes all prior agreements between such matter.
All notices to Merger Loan Secured Parties and Revolving Lender permitted or required under this Agreement may be sent Agent Lender, respectively. Unless otherwise specifically provided herein, any notice other communication herein given shall in writing personally served, electronically mailed by courier service, facsimile transmission U.S. mail deemed have been when delivered person upon receipt of a electronic four (4) Business Days after deposit the (registered certified, with postage prepaid properly addressed). For purposes hereof, addresses parties hereto as set forth below, or, each party, at such address designated party written all parties.
This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, but all together constitute one and the same instrument. by .pdf other electronically transmitted signatures such to bind Party as if they were original signatures. Each of the Loan Parties owns, or is licensed to use, all Intellectual Property material its business, and use thereof by does not infringe upon rights any other Person except for such failure own license infringements that, individually in aggregate, could reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
Except as expressly set forth in this Article IV , Noble does not make any representation or warranty, express implied, at Law equity, with respect to itself of its Affiliates, their respective assets, liabilities, businesses operations, and such other representations warranties are hereby disclaimed. The purpose Agreement is settle resolve the claims that Paragon Affiliates may assert against arising under, relating to, connection Spin-Off, including, but limited certain fraudulent transfer under section 548 Bankruptcy Code, neither nor Amendment Tax Sharing intended constitute, shall it be deemed an admission by Releasees liability, culpability, fault; all and/or fault denied.
This Agreement and the agreements, policies plans referenced herein, are full complete expression of terms conditions Executive’s employment with Employer. Agreement, upon closing Acquisition, supersedes any prior agreements between HRB and/or BHR Executive. Accordingly, closing, Executive understands agrees that, she is not entitled to compensation under her BHR, including but limited May 22, 2013, Employment as amended, specifically waives such . Provided, however, nothing herein intended to, or does, waive stock option Restricted Stock Unit grant vested unvested, in effect execution this Agreement.
The Loan Parties will not, and not permit any of their Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into arrangement, whereby they shall sell transfer Property, real personal, used useful in business, whether now owned hereafter acquired, thereafter rent lease such Property other that intend to use for substantially the same purpose purposes as sold transferred unless (i) sale is permitted by Section 6.05 (ii) Lien arising connection with Party a Subsidiary 6.02 .
The Executive acknowledges that the Company and its Affiliates continually develop Confidential Information; may Information for Affiliates; learn of during course employment. will comply with policies procedures protecting shall not disclose to any Person or use, other than as required by applicable law after notice a reasonable opportunity seek protection prior disclosure proper performance his duties Affiliates, obtained incident employment association Affiliates. understands this restriction continue apply terminates, regardless reason such termination.
Unless otherwise indicated herein, all terms which are capitalized but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in Forbearance Agreement. No modification of this Offer Letter shall be valid unless in writing and signed by you an authorized representative Crawford. This Agreement shall be interpret-ed and enforced in accordance with the laws of State Delaware. The parties hereto irrevocably agree to submit jurisdiction venue courts Delaware any action or proceeding brought respect connection this except for an described Paragraph 14.
Each Loan Document may be executed in any number of identical counterparts, which shall constitute an original and collectively separately a single instrument or agreement. Execution such counterpart evidenced by facsimile transmission electronic delivery the signature party. The execution this Agreement other Party hereto thereto will not become effective until counterparts hereof thereof, as case be, have been all parties thereto.
This Memorandum of Lease may be executed in any number counterparts or with counterpart signature pages, each which shall deemed an original, but all constitute one and the same instrument. The provisions of this Section shall apply only to stock options previously issued the Employee that are unexercised on Separation Date, and supersede any contrary elsewhere in applicable Award Agreements or Plan.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without effect whatsoever on the between Company other Purchasers, written notice parties, if Closing has not been consummated or before October 13, 2016; provided , however that no termination will affect right of party sue for breach (or parties).
Subject to the terms hereof, if (i) Company terminates Employee’s employment for any reason other than Cause (as hereinafter defined), death or “permanent physical disability” defined) (ii) Employee resigns Good Reason shall be entitled severance pay equal Severance Benefit as defined in Section 3. The payable a single lump sum on 60 th day following date of termination; provided, however, has executed release described below 25, and all applicable review revocation periods have expired by that date. including 10, from Reason, is discharged Cause, dies account permanent disability, only compensation earned him his termination not portion Benefit.
The financial statements delivered in respect of Borrower and the Subsidiaries (on a consolidating consolidated basis) each Member (other than Atlantic GE Member) pursuant to Section 3.1(m) 5.4 fairly present all material respects condition Person whom they relate as date thereof (subject case unaudited statements, normal year-end adjustments). Such have been prepared accordance with GAAP consistently followed throughout periods involved. Each Financial Condition Certificate presents which it relates thereof.
If any provision of this Agreement (or portion thereof) or the application such to Person circumstance shall be held invalid, illegal unenforceable in respect by a Governmental Authority, invalidity, illegality unenforceability not affect other hereof remaining Persons circumstances, so long as economic legal substance transactions contemplated hereby is affected manner that materially adverse party. Upon determination unenforceable, parties hereto negotiate good faith modify effect original intent closely possible an acceptable end are fulfilled extent possible.
Regardless of any action the Company or your Employer takes with respect to all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and/or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account other tax-related withholding (“Tax-Related Items”), you acknowledge that ultimate liability for Tax-Related Items legally due by is remains responsibility Employer: (a) make no representations undertakings regarding treatment in connection aspect Cash-Based Awards, including grant Awards cash payments made settlement Awards; (b) do not commit structure terms Award reduce eliminate Items.
HFRM will pay all taxes, import duties, license fees and other charges by any Governmental Authority levied on or with respect to the Products handled for transportation, storage and/or loading HEP Operating. Should either Party be required collect assessments pursuant Applicable Law authority now in effect hereafter become effective which are payable this Section 2.10 proper shall promptly reimburse therefor.
Celgene will book all sales of the Licensed Products in Territory and have sole responsibility for processing orders, invoicing, terms sale, distribution throughout associated therewith. The covenants and agreements of the Employee set forth in Sections 8 through 12 shall remain effect survive termination this Agreement for respective periods therein.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF STATE NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES CONFLICTS OR CHOICE OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. Section 6 (Trade Secrets, Confidential Information, Bank Property and Competitive Business Activities) of this Agreement shall survive the termination Employee’s employment and/or Agreement, regardless reasons for such termination.
In the event any one or more of provisions contained in this Agreement application thereof to person circumstance is determined by a court competent jurisdiction be invalid, illegal, void unenforceable respect, validity, legality and enforceability remaining herein, such persons circumstances jurisdictions other than those as which have been held unenforceable, shall remain full force effect not way affected, impaired invalidated thereby. The parties endeavor good faith negotiations replace with valid provisions, economic comes close possible that provisions.
The Company will promptly reimburse Executive for reasonable travel, entertainment or other expenses incurred by in the furtherance of connection with performance Executive’s duties hereunder, accordance Company’s expense reimbursement policy as effect from time to time. shall be entitled travel business class (or first if is not available) on any air longer than 2 hours.
Commencing on the date hereof and ending Purchase Termination Date, each Seller may from time to offer sell Purchaser certain Proposed Receivables by submitting at least three (3) Business Days prior any purchase of Receivables, a request substantially in form Exhibit B hereto (a “ Request ”), Purchaser, its sole discretion, accept such identified Request. If accepts Request, then, subject satisfaction conditions precedent set forth Section 2(d) hereof, shall hereby does Seller, all Seller’s right, title interest (but none Retained Obligations) with respect Related Rights thereto as Date (all once sold purchased hereunder, together thereto, collectively, Purchased ”).
A Change in Control shall occur, whether directly or indirectly. No waiver of any provision this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the party making waiver. The either a breach other not operate or construed as subsequent breach. If any provision of this Agreement or portion thereof is held by a court competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable invalid, the validity and enforceability remaining provisions shall continue in full force effect not adversely affected.
The Borrowers confirm that the representations and warranties contained in Article III of Credit Agreement are (before after giving effect to this Amendment) true correct all material respects (or if qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, respects) as Second Amendment Effective Date (after Section 1(y) herein except extent any such representation warranty is expressly stated have been made a specific date, which case it shall be date) no Default Event has occurred continuing.
If the Executive incurs a Disability, Company may give written notice of its intention to terminate Executive’s employment. In that event, employment with shall terminate, effective on later thirtieth (30 th ) day after receipt such by or date specified in notice; provided within thirty (30) period following notice, not have returned full-time performance duties hereunder.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Michigan. By execution hereof, Employee hereby waives any right he or she may have to arbitration as against Company, and, dispute regard this Agreement, Company submit jurisdiction state federal courts located Crestwood Midstream is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of State Delaware.
The Note is a valid, legal and binding obligation of Maker, enforceable against Maker in accordance with its terms except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement creditors' rights generally general equitable principles (whether sought proceedings equity at law). The Seller has full power and authority to own operate the Purchased Assets. is duly qualified, licensed or admitted do business in good standing State of Texas.
The Employer shall have the right to deduct from all amounts paid you in cash (whether under Plan or otherwise) any amount required by law be withheld respect of Awards as may necessary opinion satisfy applicable tax withholding requirements laws country, state, province, city other jurisdiction, including but not limited income taxes, capital gains transfer and social security contributions that are withheld. In case payments form Stock, at Committee’s discretion, will either pay taxes with such Stock or, lieu thereof, retain (or offered opportunity elect tender) number shares whose Fair Market Value equals
If any provision of this Agreement is deemed to be invalid or unenforceable prohibited by the laws state jurisdiction where it performed, shall considered divisible as such and inoperative in not part consideration moving from either parties other. The remaining provisions valid binding. Any notice or filing required permitted to be given the Plan Administrator under shall sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered, sent by first class mail principal office of Univar USA Inc., directed attention Administrator. Such deemed as date delivery, or, delivery is made mail, shown on postmark.
The Executive agrees to execute any proper oath or verify document required carry out the terms of this Agreement. represents that Executive’s performance all Agreement will not breach agreement keep in confidence proprietary information acquired by trust prior employment Company. has entered into, and enter oral written conflict herewith Company services violate which is a party. he aware non-competition restriction would prevent him from being Chief Officer performing his duties responsibilities hereunder.
Article 4F(iii)(g) of the Original Lease shall be deemed to be, and hereby is modified provide that no assignment or subletting by Tenant made which would result in more than three (3) occupants (including Tenant) twenty-first floor portion Existing Demised Premises, two (2) twentieth Second Additional Premises. None of the Company or any Subsidiary will enter into Sale/Leaseback Transaction unless (a) sale transfer property thereunder is permitted under Section 6.05 (other than 6.05(e)), (b) Capital Lease Obligations arising in connection therewith are 6.01 and (c) Liens (including deemed to arise with such Obligations) 6.02.
Tenant's indemnity of Landlord as set forth in this Lease shall also apply with respect to any and all costs, losses, damages, injuries liabilities related way act or omission Tenant Agents, anyone directly indirectly employed by them, connection non-payment amount arising out the Improvements and/or disapproval portion request for payment. Except extent caused Landlord's gross negligence breach obligations under Work Letter, such Tenant, Lease, performance ministerial acts reasonably necessary (i) permit complete Improvements, (ii) enable obtain building certificate occupancy Premises.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in accordance with the laws of State Colorado . All capitalized terms used herein shall have the same mearung as defined in Lease, unless otherwise this First Amendment. The Participant may be required to pay the Company or any Affiliate and shall have right is hereby authorized withhold, applicable withholding taxes in respect of RSUs, their grant vesting payment transfer with RSUs take such action as necessary opinion Committee satisfy all obligations for taxes.
All notices hereunder must be in writing the English language and will deemed given if delivered personally or by facsimile transmission (receipt verified), mailed registered certified mail (return receipt requested), postage prepaid, sent reputable express courier service, to following respective addresses (or at such other address for a Party as may specified like notice; provided, that of change effective only upon thereof).
Seller has complied in all material respects with federal, state and local laws, statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances codes, received no written notice from any governmental agency asserting a violation (for example, environmental, CERCLA) or may have occurred. Neither this Agreement nor any rights hereunder may be assigned by party to other person than Investor one or more of his her affiliates.
As compensation for the performance of Administrator’s obligations under this Agreement, Administrator shall be entitled to receive $2,500 annually, which solely an obligation Servicer; provided, however, notwithstanding foregoing, such in no event exceed Servicing Fee related annual period. The pay all expenses incurred by it connection with its activities hereunder.
Each of the Borrower, Parent Guarantor, Designated Agent and Lenders hereby irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim (whether based on contract, tort otherwise) arising out relating this Agreement Notes actions Lender negotiation, administration, performance enforcement thereof. If any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable, then the other provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
On the Closing Date, after giving effect to consummation of Transactions, and application proceeds all Indebtedness being incurred in connection therewith: (a) fair value assets Parent its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, exceeds, their debts liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise; (b) present saleable property is greater than amount that will be required pay probable liability, other otherwise, as such liabilities become absolute matured; (c) are able (d) not engaged in, about engage business for which they have unreasonably small capital For purposes determining Solvency, any liability at time shall computed would reasonably expected an actual matured liability.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be specific performance its under this Option. Company agrees that monetary damages would not adequate compensation for any loss incurred reason a breach it the provisions Option and hereby waive assert defense action remedy at law adequate.
If any provision of this Agreement (or other agreement incorporated herein) is held by a court competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable for reason, the remainder shall amended achieve as closely possible economic effect original term and all provisions continue in full force effect. The breach of the Spec Unit Inventory Test shall specifically not be an Event Default or a under this Agreement (except that same result in exclusion certain assets from Borrowing Base to extent provided for Section 6.19(f)).
Except as set forth on Schedule 7.1.(i), there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending (nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened, nor is basis therefor) against in other way relating adversely affecting Parent, Borrower, Subsidiary their respective property court before arbitrator kind by Governmental Authority which, (i) could reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect (ii) manner draws into question validity enforceability Documents Fee Letter. There strikes, slow downs, work stoppages walkouts labor disputes progress threatened to, Party which Effect.
The Parent and the Borrower will not, not permit any Subsidiary to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer Property assets purchase, acquire from, engage in other transactions with, of its Affiliates (other than Parent, Guarantors), except (a) on terms conditions less favorable to Credit Party could be obtained an arm’s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) between among Parties involving Affiliate (c) payments permitted by Section 6.06.
The Corporation represents and warrants to the Investors that (a) neither nor any of its officers, directors, employees or stockholders, has employed broker finder in connection with transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (b) no person entity will have, as a result right to, interest in, claim against upon Investor for, commission, fee other compensation because act omission agent Corporation. agrees it shall pay, save harmless from, all liability respect payable Agreement.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower Administrative Agent sell participations to Person (other than described in clause (A) , (B) (C) of Section 11.06(b)(v) ) (each, a “ Participant ”) all portion such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitment Loans owing it); provided that (i) shall remain unchanged, (ii) solely responsible other parties hereto for performance and (iii) Borrower, Lenders continue deal directly with connection Agreement. For avoidance doubt, each be indemnity 11.04(c) regard existence participation.
If Executive’s employment with the Company terminates for Cause by Company, without Good Reason Executive, or due to death Disability, then all payments of compensation Executive hereunder will terminate immediately (except as Accrued Obligations) and he shall not receive any amounts benefits pursuant Sections 7(a)(ii) (iii). No waiver of, or any breach of covenant provision herein contained shall be deemed a preceding succeeding thereof, other contained. extension time for performance obligation act an the act.
Subject to Article VII of the Separation and Distribution Agreement, in event any actual or threatened default in, breach of, terms, conditions provisions this Party Parties who are, are be, thereby aggrieved shall have right specific performance injunctive other equitable relief (on an interim permanent basis) respect its rights their under addition all remedies at Law equity, such be cumulative. The agree that law for breach, including monetary damages, may inadequate compensation loss defense Action a remedy would adequate is waived. Any requirements securing posting bond with hereby waived by each Parties.
This Agreement shall terminate and cease to have any force or effect on the earliest of (a) termination Merger in accordance with its terms, (b) written agreement Parent Stockholder this Agreement, (c) consummation Merger, (d) amendment, modification waiver alter Consideration a manner adverse unless such has been consented by writing prior simultaneously waiver; provided , however that (i) Sections 8 through 19 survive (ii) not relieve party from liability for breach obligations hereunder committed termination.
The provisions of Sections 8.01 and 8.02 hereof shall survive the termination this Indenture or earlier resignation removal Trustee. The Facility, the manufacturing and supply activities contemplated herein, all Product supplied hereunder shall comply with Applicable Laws. Without limiting foregoing, at time of delivery to Company, none be adulterated or misbranded within meaning FDCA, as amended in effect shipment.
Executive warrants that he is not a party to any other restrictive agreement limiting his activities in employment by the Company. further at time of signing this Agreement, knows no written or oral contract impediment would inhibit prohibit continued with shall hold Company harmless from and all suits claims arising out breach such contracts.
The Borrower has requested that the Required Lenders waive any Event of Default may have arisen in connection with failure to join Wavecom Solutions Corporation and Systemmetrics guaranty security agreement under Revolving Facility Agreement (the “ Specified ”). Subject satisfaction conditions set forth Section 2 effective as Amendment No. Effective Date, ‎the hereby Default. waiver contained this 4(j) is specific intent valid only for purpose which given. Nothing herein obligates Administrative Agent or Lender agree additional waivers provisions Loan Documents‎.
The purpose of the CommScope Holding Company, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) is to promote success, enhance value, “Company”), by linking personal interests employees, officers, directors consultants Company or any Affiliate (as defined below) those stockholders providing such persons with an incentive for outstanding performance. further intended provide flexibility in its ability motivate, attract, retain services upon whose judgment, interest, special effort successful conduct Company’s operation largely dependent. Accordingly, permits grant awards from time selected Affiliates.
If any provision in this Transition Agreement is for reason held to be unenforceable, it shall not affect the enforceability of remaining provisions and enforced extent permitted by law. No Unit shall be transferred, in whole or part, except accordance with the terms and conditions set forth this Article XI . Any transfer purported of a not made null void.
Employee acknowledges that any failure to comply with the provisions of this Section 6 shall cause irreparable harm Company and money damages alone would be insufficient compensate Company. therefore agrees court having jurisdiction may enter a preliminary or permanent restraining order injunction against in event actual threatened breach 5, without necessity for post bond other security connection therewith. Any such relief not preclude from seeking at law equity respect claim.
The representations and warranties contained in this Agreement the other Loan Documents shall be true correct on as of such borrowing, issuance or extension date with same effect if made (except for any representation warranty that by its terms is only an earlier date, which remain date) except purposes Section 7.2(a) , 8.5 deemed to refer most recent statements furnished pursuant clauses (a) (b) 9.1 .
As of the date hereof, except as set forth on Exhibit VII, Borrower does not have any Subsidiaries and neither nor its is a partner or participant in partnership joint venture. The percentage ownership by outstanding Capital Stock each Subsidiary VII. The compensation and benefits provided for in this Section 3 (as well as the Termination Payments 6(g)) shall be reported income to Executive subjected tax withholding required under applicable Federal, state local laws.
Subject to the terms of this Agreement (including without limitation Tenant’s payment Termination Payment (as hereinafter defined)), Lease shall terminate as date Landlord receives and Tenant Yield’s-Up vacates Premises herein after defined) (the “Effective Date”). Notwithstanding foregoing, Effective Date must occur on or before May 1, 2016. As Date, have no further leasehold other right, title interest in pursuant otherwise rental obligations. However, remain liable for any all amounts due payable accrued incurred by under event fails quit deliver up Date.
For the period beginning on Effective Date and ending June 14, 2017, Company shall pay Employee an annual salary of $327,442.40, which be payable to in accordance with Company’s normal payroll practices, but no event less than bi-weekly. 15, 2017 2018, $163,721.20, This Agreement shall become effective when it have been executed by each party hereto and thereafter be binding upon inure to the benefit of Borrower, Agent Lender their respective successors assigns, except that Borrower not right assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without prior written consent Lenders.
All corporate action on the part of Company necessary for authorization, execution and delivery this Agreement Warrants performance all obligations hereunder thereunder has been taken. This constitute valid binding enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws general application affecting enforcement creditors’ rights, (ii) principles equity that restrict availability equitable remedies.
This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, comprises complete and integrated agreement of parties on subject matter hereof thereof supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, such matter. In event any conflict between provisions this Agreement those Document (other than intercreditor agreement), shall control; provided that inclusion supplemental rights remedies in favor Agents Lenders not be deemed a Agreement. Each was drafted joint participation respective thereto construed neither against nor party, but rather accordance fair meaning thereof.
(a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder does not, performance shall (i) conflict with or violate any federal, state local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, judgment decree applicable to which Common Stock Other Securities owned are bound affected (ii) result in breach constitute a default (or an event that notice lapse time both would become default) under, give others rights termination, amendment, acceleration cancellation of, creation lien encumbrance on pursuant to, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise other instrument obligation is party bound.
Real property taxes for the year of Closing shall be apportioned to date based upon most recent levy and assessment. Such apportionment a final settlement between parties. The Executive’s employment with the Company under this Agreement may be terminated in accordance Section 5. date upon which any such termination becomes effective shall deemed “Termination Date”.
In the event any one or more of provisions contained in this Agreement application thereof to Person circumstance is determined by a court competent jurisdiction be invalid, illegal, void unenforceable respect, validity, legality and enforceability remaining herein, such Persons circumstances jurisdictions other than those as which have been held unenforceable, shall remain full force effect not way affected, impaired invalidated thereby. The Parties endeavor good faith negotiations replace with valid provisions, economic comes close possible that provisions.
Set forth on Schedule 5.22(b) , as of the Closing Date and last date such was required to be updated in accordance with Section 6.02 is a list all registered Intellectual Property (including applications for registration issuance) owned by each Loan Parties or which has right name/title, current owner, application number, other information reasonably requested Administrative Agent).
You will be eligible for accrual of four (4) weeks vacation annually. All representations and warranties made by Umatrin Shareholders in this Agreement shall be true correct on as of the Closing Date if again them such date. All agreements and covenants contained herein are severable, in the event any of them, with exception those Sections 1 4 hereof, shall be held to invalid by competent court, this Agreement interpreted as if such or were not herein.
The representations and warranties of Tenant its Affiliated Persons set forth in the Lease No. 5 Documents are true correct on as date hereof all material respects. The headings of the sections this Agreement are inserted for convenience only; they do not constitute part or affect meaning thereof. References herein to section numbers Agreement. All pronouns and any variations thereof shall be deemed refer masculine, feminine, neuter, singular, plural as appropriate.
The Distribution Agent represents and warrants that it is duly registered as a broker-dealer under FINRA, the Exchange Act applicable statutes regulations of each state in which Placement Shares will be offered sold, except such states exempt from registration or not otherwise required. shall continue, for term this Agreement, to required, during Agreement. comply with all law regulations, including, but limited to, Regulation M, connection transactions contemplated by including issuance sale through Shares.
While the Company and each Employer intends to continue Plan indefinitely, reserves right terminate at any time through action taken by its Board of Directors or duly authorized officers participation in time. When used herein, the phrase "to knowledge of" Company or "known to" any similar means actual of Chief Executive Officer Financial and includes that such officers would have obtained matter represented after reasonable due diligent inquiry those employees whom reasonably believe matters represented.
The Company hereby grants to Participant on the date set forth above a restricted stock unit award (the "Award") for ________ (_________) units terms and conditions herein. Each shall entitle receive either one share of Company's Common Stock or cash payment in accordance with Paragraph 3 below. All notices, requests and demands pursuant hereto shall be made in accordance with Section 13.2 of the Credit Agreement. communications notices hereunder to any Guarantor given it care Holdings at Holdings’ address set forth
Subject to the terms and conditions of Section 12.5 Credit Agreement, Administrative Agent Lenders shall have received all fees other amounts due payable on or prior Effective Date, substantially simultaneously with effectiveness this Amendment, including extent invoiced at least one Business Day thereto, reimbursement payment out pocket expenses required be reimbursed paid by Borrower under Agreement.
All notices required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and may delivered person sent registered certified mail U.S. Postal Service Express Mail, with postage prepaid, Federal other overnight courier that guarantees next day delivery, facsimile transmission, deemed sufficiently given if served the manner specified Section. The addresses below particular party’s address for delivery mailing of notice purposes: If to Health Plan: Molina Healthcare California‌‌ 200 Oceangate, Suite 100‌‌, Long Beach‌‌, California‌‌, 90802‌‌ Attention: President/CEO Provider: Pacific IPA Associates, Inc.
If any term or provision of this Agreement is to be invalid unenforceable, such shall modified as slightly possible so render it valid and enforceable; if provision, modified, held deemed holding not affect the remainder same remain in full force effect. This Agreement shall be effective as of the date hereof and continue in effect until, terminate upon, earliest to occur (a) consummation a sale Company distribution proceeds to, or escrow for, benefit Stockholders accordance with Charter; (b) June 15, 2017; (c) termination this Section 6.8 below.
This Consent may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall deemed an original, and all which, when taken together, constitute one the same instrument. If a court finds any provision this unenforceable, other provisions remain enforceable to maximum extent permitted by law. amended only written instrument Borrower, Guarantor, Agent Majority Interest Party. there is conflict between Loan Agreement, prevail. All paragraph headings or captions are provided for information purposes not construed interpretation applicable paragraph. Section 18(f) Agreement incorporated herein reference.
The RSUs subject to the Award shall vest in accordance with Vesting Schedule set forth Exhibit B Grant Notice. Unless and until have vested Notice, Participant will no right any distribution respect such RSUs. otherwise provided event of Participant’s termination Continuous Service prior vesting all RSUs, unvested terminate automatically without further action by Company be forfeited notice at cost Company.
Notwithstanding the vesting schedules contained in Equity Agreements that Mr. DeGhetto would hold, upon a “Change Control” event (as defined below), any unvested equity RSUs awards otherwise vest on or after effective date of Change Control shall be accelerated and become 100% vested event; provided , however for purposes pursuant to Paragraph 5(c) this Agreement, deemed have immediately prior event, order allow such participate transaction.
The exercise of this Option will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance by the Company you with all applicable state, federal foreign laws regulations requirements any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which Company’s Common Stock may listed quoted at time such issuance transfer. Shares issued pursuant Agreement shall endorsed appropriate legends, if any, determined Company.
The rights, powers and remedies of Bank under the Loan Documents are cumulative in addition to all provided any agreements among Borrower relating hereto, at law, equity or otherwise. Any delay failure by exercise right, power remedy shall not constitute a waiver thereof Bank, no single partial preclude other further remedies.
Section 10.15 of the Credit Agreement is incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis , as if a part hereof. (a) Each borrowing by the Borrower from Lenders hereunder, each payment on account of any commitment fee and reduction Commitments shall be made pro rata according to Applicable Percentages. No distributions with respect to Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be made unless and until such have become vested. vest on the dates Shares under Project 750 Performance Award are granted (each, a “ Vesting Date ”).
All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for benefit Company Rights Agent shall bind inure to their respective successors assigns hereunder. The miscellaneous provisions set forth in Article X of the Credit Agreement apply to this Amendment. This Amendment may be signed any number counterparts, each which shall an original, and executed delivered by telecopier or other electronic imaging means.
The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver Administrative Agent an Assignment Assumption, together with a processing recordation fee in the amount of $3,500 any tax forms required be delivered pursuant Section 3.01(e) ; provided , however that may, its sole discretion, elect waive such case provided, further, not payable connection Affiliate Lender or Approved Fund. assignee, if it is Lender, Questionnaire.
This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts (and by different parties hereto counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original but all which, when taken together, and the same instrument. Delivery counterpart to this Agreement facsimile other electronic transmission (e.g., “pdf” “tif”) as effective delivery a manually Amendment.
Comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure do so, individually in aggregate, would not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect; provided , that this Section 5.06 shall apply laws related Taxes, which are subject 5.03.
It is a corporation or company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of jurisdiction its organization, has all requisite power authority, corporate otherwise, to execute, deliver perform this Agreement. No party of this Agreement shall be entitled to assign his or its interest herein without the prior written approval other party.
The Executive shall be entitled to three weeks paid annual vacation taken at such times as are reasonably convenient the Executive, provided that do not substantially interfere with performance of his duties hereunder. No representation or warranty of US Lighting contained in this Agreement and no statement disclosure made by on behalf to LXRT pursuant any other agreement contemplated herein contains an untrue a material fact omits state necessary make the statements therein not misleading.
Except as otherwise expressly provided, capitalized terms used in this Agreement (including the preamble hereto) and its exhibits shall have meanings given Section 1.1 . Assignment or attempted assignment by each Seller Party of this Agreement any rights hereunder without first obtaining the specific written consent Buyer, granting security interest, lien other encumbrances on Purchased Assets to person than a Subsidiary Contributed Mortgage Loan, Rental Property REO Buyer nominee approved Buyer.
All demands, notices and communications hereunder shall be in writing delivered or mailed by registered certified first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, hand delivery, prepaid courier service, facsimile electronic transmission, addressed each case as specified on Schedule I to the Servicing Agreement at such other address designated any of addressees a written notice parties hereto. Delivery occur only upon receipt reported tender communication an officer recipient entitled receive located for hereunder.
(a) Each Loan Party will comply (i) in all material respects with applicable Sanctions and (ii) other Applicable Laws (including, but not limited to, ERISA, Environmental releasing or disposing of any Contaminants except compliance Laws), FLSA, OSHA, Permits, the orders, writs, injunctions, decrees directives Governmental Authority to it its business property, case than Sanctions, where failure do so, individually aggregate, would reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
Subject to the limitations and other provisions of this Agreement, representations warranties made by Parent Merger Sub in Agreement shall survive Closing remain full force effect until date that is eighteen months from Date; provided , Section 4.01 4.02 4.03 4.06 for period all applicable statutes (giving any wavier, mitigation or extension thereof) plus sixty (60) days.
Subject to making the Concession Payment described in Section 4 hereof, Licensee will be entitled all revenues from operations of Leased Premises and responsible for expenses associated with Business, including (a) insurance maintained by accordance this Agreement, (b) sales tax on alcoholic beverages food at Property (c) pro rata allocation compensation any Licensor’s (or Hotel Manager’s) or its agents’ independent contractors’ employees (if any) extent used conducting Business.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms in the Existing Forbearance Agreement or Loan and used herein shall have respective meanings given to them Agreement, as applicable . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of parties their respective successors assigns. Executive may not assign any right or obligation hereunder without Company’s prior written consent. Company its rights obligations here under successor in interest.
Without the prior consent of Operator, User shall not create or incur any mortgage, lien, charge, encumbrance kind with respect to his rights under this Agreement, Aircraft, part thereof. If such encumbrances come into existence as a result act omission User, at sole expense promptly remove same. Notwithstanding any term or provision of this Agreement which may be construed to the contrary, each Eurodollar Advance shall in a principal amount no less than $1,000,000 and an integral multiple $500,000 excess thereof, at time aggregate number all Advances then outstanding exceed ten (10).
Cessation or termination of Executive’s employment with the Company shall not result in this Agreement. The respective obligations Executive and as provided Sections 3(e), 5, 6, 7 8 Agreement survive cessation hereunder. The Stock Option Agreement (as amended by this Amendment), dated as of October 10, 2014, contains the entire agreement between parties concerning option to purchase common stock Company granted Optionee on and supersede all prior agreements, written or oral, with respect thereto.
The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent all reasonable costs and out-of-pocket expenses of every kind in connection with preparation, negotiation, execution delivery this Amendment any documents instruments relating hereto or thereto, including, without limitation, Fee Letter dated February 12, 2014 between SVB (which include, documented fees attorneys retained by Agent).
Oversight Servicer has all requisite organizational power, authority, and capacity to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, execute deliver this Agreement, perform of obligations hereunder. does not believe, nor have any cause or reason that cannot each every covenant contained in Agreement. This Note and all acts transactions pursuant hereto the rights obligations of parties shall be governed, construed interpreted in accordance with laws Commonwealth Pennsylvania, without giving effect to principles conflicts law choice that would cause any other jurisdiction apply.
If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to Person circumstance is determined by a court competent jurisdiction be invalid, void unenforceable, remaining provisions hereof such Persons circumstances in jurisdictions other than those as which it has been held invalid shall remain full force and effect no way affected, impaired invalidated thereby, so long economic legal substance transactions contemplated hereby not affected manner adverse party. Upon determination, Parties negotiate good faith an effort agree upon suitable equitable original intent Parties.
The Parties agree: (a) to furnish upon request each other such further information; (b) execute and deliver documents; (c) do acts things, all as the party may reasonably for purpose of carrying out intent this Agreement documents referred in Agreement. Without limiting foregoing, event Sellers receive any remittance from account debtors with respect Accounts Receivables, will endorse order Buyer forward it immediately receipt thereof.
Covered Entity and Business Associate agree to enter into good faith negotiations amend this Agreement come compliance with changes in state federal laws regulations relating the privacy, security confidentiality of PHI. may terminate upon thirty (30) days written notice event that does not promptly an amendment Entity, its reasonable discretion, deems sufficient ensure will be able comply such regulations.
Schedule 3.2(x) of the Disclosure Letter sets out a list insurance policies which are maintained by Corporation. Corporation is not in default with respect to any provisions contained or payment premiums under policy, nor has failed give notice present claim policy due and timely fashion. received cancellation of, premium increase to, alteration coverage under, such all on have either been paid reflected reserved against Interim Financial Statements Estimated Statement. There no claims related Business pending as questioned, denied disputed there an outstanding reservation rights. During past three (3) years, refused had canceled. True complete copies made available Purchaser.
The execution, delivery and performance by such Purchaser of this Agreement the consummation transactions contemplated hereby other Transaction Documents will not (i) result in a violation organizational documents Purchaser, (ii) conflict with, or constitute default (or an event which with notice lapse time both would become default) under, give to others any rights termination, amendment, acceleration cancellation of, agreement, indenture instrument is party (iii) law, rule, regulation, order, judgment decree (including federal state securities laws) applicable except, case clauses above, for conflicts, defaults, violations not, individually aggregate, reasonably be expected have material adverse effect on ability perform its obligations hereunder.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between parties concerning subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior negotiations, undertakings, agreements arrangements with respect thereto, whether written or oral. The provisions of this shall be regarded as divisible separate; if any provision is ever declared invalid unenforceable, validity enforceability remaining not affected. In event (including Restrictive Covenant) held to overbroad written, such deemed amended narrow application extent necessary make enforceable according applicable law.
The parties hereto acknowledge that this Agreement and the Exhibits set forth entire agreement understanding of as to subject matter hereof, supersedes all prior discussion, agreements writings in respect hereto. Company shall reimburse Ms. Simonet for reasonable legal fees expenses an amount up $2,000 incurred connection with negotiating Agreement. Either Party's failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not act as a waiver that or other provision. breach breach.
Neither this Agreement nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed against TDG BDIC, whether under rule of construction otherwise. On the contrary, has been reviewed by all parties and interpreted according to ordinary meaning words used so as accomplish fairly purposes intentions hereto. Without limiting or diminishing the effect of Section 8 12 hereof, this Agreement shall inure to benefit and be binding upon parties hereto their respective heirs, successors, legal representatives assigns.
The parties acknowledge and agree that in the event of a breach or threatened its covenants hereunder, harm suffered would not be compensable by monetary damages alone and, accordingly, addition to other available legal equitable remedies, each non-breaching party shall entitled apply for an injunction specific performance with respect such breach, without proof actual (and requirement posting bond, undertaking security), Holder Company plead sufficiency as defense circumstances.
The Company will from time to promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the in connection with issuance or delivery of shares Common Stock exercise this Warrant, but shall not obligated any transfer respect Warrant such shares. The Company shall pay the Executive a lump sum cash payment, no later than 10 days after Termination Date, in an amount equal to Executive's Base Salary multiplied by factor of two (2).
Borrowers agree that in any action or proceeding brought on connection with this Revolving Secured Promissory Note (i) New York State Federal court sitting County, York, shall have jurisdiction of such proceeding, (ii) service summons and complaint other process may be made by the Lender upon registered certified mail directed to at their address referenced above, hereby waiving personal thereof, (iii) within thirty (30) days after mailing appear answer process, should fail said day period, it deemed default judgment entered against for amount as demanded so served.
The Board may amend or terminate the Plan as it shall deem advisable; provided that no change be made increases total number of Shares reserved for issuance pursuant to Awards (except Section 13 above) unless such is authorized by shareholders Company. A termination amendment not materially and adversely affect a Participant’s vested rights under an Award previously granted him her, Participant consents in writing amendment. Notwithstanding foregoing, Committee comply with changes tax securities laws regulations, interpretation thereof.
Except as set forth on Schedule 8.5 , there is no action, suit or proceeding at law in equity by before any court federal, state, municipal other governmental department, commission, board, bureau, instrumentality agency, domestic foreign, pending or, to the knowledge of Credit Parties, threatened against affecting Parties that brings into question legality, validity enforceability this Agreement transactions contemplated hereby that, if adversely determined, not adequately covered insurance would have a Material Adverse Effect.
Except as set forth or incorporated by reference in the Company’s SEC Reports, none of officers, directors employees Company is presently a party to any transaction that would be required reported on Form 10-K with its Subsidiaries (other than for ordinary course services employees, officers directors), including contract, agreement other arrangement providing furnishing by, rental real personal property from, otherwise requiring payments from such officer, director employee or, knowledge, corporation, partnership, trust entity which director, has substantial interest an trustee partner.
The execution, delivery, and performance of the Loan Documents are within Borrower’s powers, have been duly authorized, not in conflict with nor constitute a breach any provision contained certificate incorporation or bylaws material law regulation Governmental Authority applicable to Borrower its Subsidiaries property, will they an event default under agreement which is party by bound. it
This Credit Agreement and any amendment, waivers, consents or supplements hereto in connection herewith may be executed one more counterparts (and by different parties counterparts), each of which when delivered shall deemed an original, but all such together constitute the same instrument. The delivery counterpart a signature page this electronic means, including facsimile “.pdf” attachment to email, effective as valid manually Agreement.
Neither Company nor, to the Knowledge of Company, any directors or officers, agents employees has offered, paid agreed pay person entity (including governmental official) solicited, received receive from such entity, directly indirectly, money anything value for purpose with intent (a) obtaining maintaining business (b) facilitating purchase sale product service, (c) avoiding imposition fine penalty, in manner which is violation applicable law. To conducted and continues conduct accordance all laws not law, under investigation, been charged by a court competent jurisdiction given written notice respect
The rights and remedies of the Holder under Note shall be cumulative not alternative. No waiver by any right or remedy effective unless signed Holder. failure delay in exercising power hereunder operate as a thereof, nor single partial exercise such power, abandonment discontinuance steps to enforce preclude other further thereof power. Except provided herein, Company hereby waives presentment for payment, demand, protest, notice protest nonpayment, that might required law, consents all renewals extensions made time payment from time.
Subject to the satisfaction of foregoing requirements, an Employee shall participate in Plan during each period his Service from date on which he first becomes eligible until termination. For this purpose, who returns before five (5) consecutive Breaks previously satisfied initial eligibility requirements or after one year with a vested Account balance re-enter as return Employer.
Holdings and each Subsidiary has timely filed or caused to be all Tax returns reports required have been paid Taxes by it, except (a) that are being contested in good faith appropriate actions for which such Subsidiary, as applicable, set aside on its books adequate reserves (b) the extent failure do so could not reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Effect. IHS Global S.A. is compliance with Non-Qualifying Bank Creditor Rules.
If any provision of this Note shall be held to unenforceable by a court competent jurisdiction, such provisions severed from and the remainder continue in full force effect. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent entire agreement of Borrower, Administrative Agent Lenders with respect to subject matter hereof thereof, there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by any Lender relative not expressly set forth referred herein in Documents.
Either party hereto or Regional Brands may terminate this Agreement upon sixty (60) days’ prior written notice to the other for any reason no reason. In connection with such termination, Lorraine agrees cooperate Company in transitioning responsibilities of a new service provider. Further, shall consummation Sale (as defined Limited Liability Agreement, dated as November 1, 2016, same be amended and/or restated from time time, “ LLC ”)).
The headings listed herein are for convenience only and do not constitute matters to be construed in interpreting this Amendment No. 11. The Owner will comply with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, AML Laws and Sanctions. The purpose of this Section 13 is to protect the Company and its subsidiaries affiliates from Injurious Conduct. To extent that not fully enforceable as written, unenforceable provisions shall be modified so provide with fullest protection permitted by law. Committee may waive any 13, deems appropriate.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section, the outstanding principal balance of Revolving Loans and all other Obligations shall be repaid on or before Loan Maturity Date. The amount from time to bear interest at Interest Rate. Receipts Collection Fee, accrued unpaid time, fees charges due hereunder, payable a weekly basis anniversary date Effective Date, such Lender Borrower may agree upon (provided, however, if no agreement is made reached, then Date), commencing first occur after Date (each " Payment "). Any which not paid when due, whether stated maturity, by acceleration otherwise, Lender's option demand Default
If any provision of this Amendment Agreement is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid unenforceable a court competent jurisdiction, the that would prohibited, shall deemed amended apply broadest extent it valid and enforceable, invalidity unenforceability such not affect validity remaining provisions so long as modified continues express, without material change, original intentions parties subject matter hereof nature, provision(s) in question does substantially impair respective expectations reciprocal obligations practical realization benefits conferred upon parties. The will endeavor good faith negotiations replace with provision(s), effect which comes close possible provision(s).
No omission or delay by either party at any time to enforce right remedy reserved it, require performance of the terms, covenants provisions hereof other designated, shall be a waiver such which is entitled, nor it in way affect thereafter. The Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two counterparts, either one of which need not contain the signature more than Party but both such counterparts taken together shall constitute and same agreement.
(a) Sell or transfer any property assets to, purchase acquire from, otherwise engage in other transaction with, of its Affiliates (other than the Borrower, Holdings, and Subsidiaries person that becomes a Subsidiary as result such transaction) (or series related transactions) involving aggregate consideration excess $24,000,000, unless is (i) permitted required) under this Agreement (ii) upon terms are substantially no less favorable to Borrower Subsidiary, applicable, would be obtained comparable arm’s-length with not an Affiliate, determined by Board Directors good faith.
If you breach any term of the Agreement, delay by Parent or Company in enforcing Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver acceptance. No bind Pier 1 unless supported consideration, executed writing party to bound, and delivered an authorized officer agent. Borrower shall execute and deliver to Lender such documents, instruments, certificates, assignments other writings, do acts necessary, (a) evidence, preserve and/or protect the Property at any time securing or intended secure Indebtedness, (b) enable perfect, exercise enforce Lender’s rights remedies under Loan Document, as require from in its discretion.
Upon occurrence of the effective date proposed joint prepackaged chapter 11 plan reorganization contemplated by Restructuring Support Agreement (the “ Plan Effective Date ”) and consummation First Lien Exit Facility (as defined in Agreement) , Anticipated Event s Default shall be deemed to have been waived Co llateral Agent Hedge Providers .
The foregoing allocations are intended to reflect each Partner’s economic interest in the items being allocated conformance with applicable Treasury Regulations. General Partner shall have right modify as well provisions for maintaining Capital Accounts if determines that such modification is appropriate better sharing of profits and losses Partnership by Partners set forth this Agreement.
This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and agreements regarding certain Fees referred to herein constitute entire contract between parties relative subject matter hereof. Any previous agreement among or representations from their Affiliates with respect hereof is superseded by this Agreement Documents. Notwithstanding foregoing, Fee Letter shall survive execution delivery of remain in full force effect. Nothing Documents, expressed implied, intended confer upon any party than hereto thereto rights, remedies, obligations liabilities under reason
Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the date or event when all any installment of is to become vested and/or exercisable. The also term Option; provided that , except extent necessary comply with applicable foreign law, an in no exceed 10 years from grant. A may provide for accelerated vesting exercisability upon certain specified events and expiration prior end its termination Optionee ’ s Service.
Upon the terms and subject to conditions of this Agreement, Seller agrees sell, convey, assign, transfer deliver Company, Company purchase from Seller, (i) 30,000 Shares (the " Purchased "), free clear any all mortgages, pledges, encumbrances, liens, security interests, options, charges, claims, deeds trust, secure debt, title retention agreements, rights first refusal or offer, limitations on voting rights, proxies, other agreements claims kind nature whatsoever (collectively, Liens ") (ii) Options (as set forth Schedule 1 hereto) 6,667 Shares.
The Borrower will not, nor it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into arrangement with other Person providing for the leasing by or real personal property that has been is to be sold transferred such whom funds have are advanced on security rental obligations Subsidiaries, than transactions not exceeding an aggregate sale price (a) $300,000,000 plus (b) amounts; provided Attributable Debt incurred in connection Sale and Leaseback Transactions entered from after date when fair market value assets all since First Second Amendment Effective Date exceeds shall constitute “Specified SLB Debt” purposes this Agreement.
Any notice, payment or communication required permitted to be given by any provision of this Grant Agreement shall in writing and delivered personally sent certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed as follows: (i) if the Company, at address set forth on signature page, attention of: Plan Committee; (ii) you, below your page. Each party may, from time time, notice other hereto, specify a new for delivery notices relating Award. such deemed date is properly mailed.
Executive agrees that he will not make any disparaging statements about the Company, or of its services, p roducts, officers, directors, employees, customers, channel partners except to extent such are made truthfully in response a duly-issued subpoena other compulsory legal process. The Company Agrees it direct offic ers, and managers Executive, his work product, duly issued covenants non-disparagement set forth this Agreement material terms hereof, for breach thereof, aggrieved party be entitled pursue damages seek injunctive relief.
The term of this Agreement (the “ Term ”) will commence on the Effective Date and continue, unless otherwise agreed between Parties, for a period ending fifth (5 th ) anniversary Date. Thereafter, shall be automatically renewed successive two- (2) year periods, either Party provides termination notice to other at least *** in advance expiration then‑current Term.
Each of the Subsidiary Borrowers and each Subsidiaries (i) is a corporation, limited partnership, general liability company or trust duly organized under laws its State organization validly existing in good standing thereof, (ii) has all requisite power to own property conduct business as now conducted presently contemplated (iii) authorized do jurisdiction where an Eligible Real Estate Asset owned leased by it located (to extent required applicable law) other failure be so qualified could have Material Adverse Effect.
Effective on your Employment Date, base salary will be set at an annual rate of 320,000 Euro, increase from the 275,000 Euros in original offer to account for higher effective tax Italy. Your paid accordance with appropriate local payroll cycle. compensation reviewed annually by Compensation Committee assess competitiveness our peer group.
All notices and other communications of any kind which either party to this Agreement may be required or desire serve on the hereto in connection with shall writing delivered by personal service registered certified mail, return receipt requested, deposited United States mail postage thereon fully prepaid, addressed parties at their respective addresses set forth Notice Stock Option Grant. Service such notice communication so made deemed complete date actual delivery as shown addressee’s registry certification expiration third (3rd) business day after mailing, whichever is earlier time. Either from time served upon aforesaid, designate a different mailing address person are thereafter delivered.
This Agreement and any claims related to the subject matter hereof may be executed in number of counterparts, each which will deemed an original, but all together constitute one same instrument. Delivery counterpart a signature page this by facsimile or other electronic imaging means effective as delivery manually Agreement. This Amendment shall become effective upon execution of this by the undersigned and substantially identical amendments Requisite Purchasers.
The Company shall have received evidence, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it, that such licenses, permits, consents, approvals, authorizations, qualifications orders of governmental authorities other third Parties as necessary connection with the transactions contemplated hereby been obtained. The Assigned Agreements constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of Debtor other parties thereto, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as may be limited by (i) laws relating to or affecting creditors' rights remedies generally (ii) general principles equity.
There is no litigation, arbitration, governmental investigation, proceeding or inquiry pending or, to the knowledge of any Senior Officer, threatened in writing against affecting Borrower Guarantor which would reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect seeks prevent, enjoin delay making Credit Extensions. As Effective Date, has material Contingent Obligations not provided for disclosed financial statements referred Section 5.4, except as Effect.
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “ Closing ”) shall take place at 10:00 a.m., local time, offices Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP, 787 Seventh Avenue, New York, on third Business Day after all conditions to obligations Parties hereunder set forth in Section 11 hereof have been satisfied or waived (other than those that are not capable being until Closing), such other date and as may be mutually agreed upon writing which actually occurs referred Date ”).
The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Second Amendment shall be governed by the laws State Florida, without regard to its conflicts law principles. Except as specifically amended Amendment, Employment Agreement, First remain unaffected in full force effect. If the Optionee’s employment is terminated within two years following a Change in Control involuntarily (except for Cause) or, case of participants designated as executive management at time Control, voluntarily Good Reason, each unvested Option will immediately vest and remain exercisable until end its term.
During and after the Term, Company shall indemnify Executive hold harmless from against any claim, loss or cause of action arising out Executive’s performance as an officer, director employee its subsidiaries in other capacity, including fiduciary which serves at request to maximum extent permitted by applicable law Company’s Articles Incorporation By-Laws, provided that no event protection afforded hereunder be less than under By-Laws policies effect immediately prior date hereof.
Except as otherwise permitted under Section 6.3 or 6.4 , at all times maintain and preserve in full force effect its existence (including being good standing jurisdiction of organization) except to the extent that failure do so would reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Change, rights franchises, licenses permits material business.
Each Borrower will not, and not permit any of its Subsidiaries or Parent to, use the proceeds loan made hereunder for purpose other than (a) on Closing Date, to pay fees, costs, expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement, Loan Documents, transactions contemplated hereby thereby, (b) thereafter, consistent terms conditions hereof, their lawful permitted purposes (including that no part loans Borrowers be used purchase carry such Margin Stock extend credit others purchasing carrying violates provisions Regulation T, U X Board Governors).
The Incremental Revolving Credit Lender hereby authorizes the Borrower, each other Loan Party and Administrative Agent to enter into Amendment No. 1 Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement Second Lien Security Agreement, in case form as attached hereto Annex I II . This Agreement, including the Exhibits and Schedules to this Specified Documents Contribution Agreement embody entire agreement understanding of parties hereto in respect subject matter contained Agreement. supersedes all prior agreements understandings between with hereof thereof, other than Documents.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which shall deemed to an original and all together one the same instrument. counterparts delivered via fax or scan have full force effect as original. The Grantee agrees to sign such additional documentation as the Company may reasonably require from time time.
This Third Amendment shall become effective as of 12:01 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on the date when Administrative Agent (or its counsel) has received counterparts this duly and validly executed delivered by authorized officers each Borrower, Agent, Majority Banks. Effective _____________ (the “Grant Date”), grantee has been awarded Restricted Stock Units (“RSUs”) representing ______ shares of Common The Hershey Company “Company”). Each RSU represents the right to receive a share Company’s Stock, $1.00 par value, at future date and time, subject terms this Notice Award “Notice Award”).
All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans calculated by reference to the “prime rate” shall be made on basis a year 365 days or 366 days, as case may be, and actual elapsed. other fees 360-day elapsed (which results in more interest, applicable, being paid than if computed 365-day year). Interest accrue each Loan day which is made, not Loan, any portion thereof, such paid; provided , that repaid same it shall, subject Section 2.10(1), bear one day. Each determination Administrative Agent an rate fee hereunder conclusive binding all purposes, absent manifest error.
All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor accompanied by an invoice setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of amount such demand. Each Party will maintain the Confidential Information of other in accordance with Article 11 License Agreement. The Parties agree not to disclose any financial terms or conditions this Agreement Third without prior consent Party, except as required by Applicable Law.
Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of conditions set forth in Article IX , consummation transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “ Closing ”) shall take place at offices Ellenoff Grossman & Schole, LLP, 1345 Avenue Americas, New York, NY 10105, on third (3 rd ) Business Day after all closing have been satisfied waived 10:00 a.m. local time, such other date, time as Purchaser and Company may agree date which is actually held being Date ”).
All requisite corporate action necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by Parent of this Agreement all Other Transaction Documents which it is a party has been taken. This constitute valid binding obligations Parent, enforceable against in accordance with their respective terms, except as may be limited Bankruptcy Equity Exception.
The Section headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect any way the meaning or interpretation of Agreement. This Amendment shall for all purposes be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of State Indiana. The captions this are convenience reference only not define or limit provisions hereof.
Each party hereto, without expanding such party’s obligations under the Restructuring Support Agreement other than as specifically contemplated hereby, shall do and perform, or cause to be done performed, all further acts things, execute deliver agreements, certificates, instruments documents, any hereto may reasonably request in order carry out intent accomplish purposes of this consummation transactions each case at cost CEOC.
The Company will reimburse Executive for all reasonable, documented expenses of types authorized by the and incurred in performance his duties hereunder. comply with such budget limitations approval reporting requirements respect to as may establish from time time. To extent that reimbursement under this Section 2.6 or any other provision Agreement shall constitute deferred compensation 409A Code, be reimbursed accordance 1.409A-3(i)(l)(iv) Treasury Regulations. For avoidance doubt, amount eligible given year not affect year.
This IP Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Distribution by and in sole discretion of Manitowoc ParentCo Board Directors without approval person or entity, including SpinCo, which case no party will have liability kind other reason this Agreement. After Distribution, not except an agreement writing signed each parties
The Investor covenants that it shall use one or more broker-dealers to effectuate all sales, if any, of the Shares may purchase from Company pursuant this Agreement which (or whom) be unaffiliated with (the “ Broker-Dealer ”). provide information regarding reasonably requested by Company. solely responsible for fees and commissions Broker-Dealer, not exceed customary brokerage commissions.
If any one or more of the covenants, agreements, provisions terms this Agreement shall be for reason whatsoever held invalid, then such deemed severable from remaining and in no way offset validity enforceability other Agreement. Neither party shall have the right, subject to Section 11 hereof, assign Executive's rights and obligations with respect his actual employment duties without prior consent of other party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon written request by Partnership, each Protected Partner, in such Partner’s sole discretion, may waive payment of any damages that is otherwise payable to Partner pursuant Article 4 hereof. Such a waiver shall be effective only if obtained writing from affected Partner. Holdings and each of its Subsidiaries has conducted businesses in compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 1977, UK Bribery 2010, other similar anti-corruption legislation jurisdictions have instituted maintained policies procedures designed to promote achieve such laws.
Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) elimination of applicable giving rise thereto (including by termination Defaulting Lender status Revolving (or, as appropriate, its assignee compliance with Section 11.06(b)(vi))) (ii) determination Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer that there exists excess Collateral; , however (A) any such release without prejudice to, disbursement transfer remain subject Lien conferred under Loan Documents provisions Documents, (B) Person providing may agree not but instead held support future anticipated obligations.
In the event of a Termination Service for any reason, unvested portion Participant’s Option shall be immediately forfeited and all rights thereunder cease. Any notice to be given pursuant this Agreement shall sent by certified mail, postage prepaid, or facsimile (with a copy mailed via first class pre-paid) delivery in person the parties at addresses set forth preamble such other address as either party may from time designate writing.
It will not make any change to its name (within the meaning of Section 9-507 applicable enactment UCC), type or jurisdiction organization location books and records unless, at least thirty (30) days prior effective date such change, in organization, it notifies Servicer Administrative Agent thereof (except with respect a records) delivers (i) financing statements (Forms UCC-1 UCC-3) which may reasonably request reflect (ii) if shall so request, an opinion counsel, form substance satisfactory Person, as perfection priority Agent’s ownership security interest Transferred Receivables Related Rights (for benefit Owners) (iii) other documents, agreements instruments that connection therewith.
Borrower has no Subsidiaries other than as identified on Schedule 4.08 attached hereto, the same may from time to be amended, modified or supplemented provided herein. All of issued and outstanding Capital Stock each Subsidiary owned by is duly authorized, validly fully paid nonassessable. Except disclosed neither nor any Subsidiary, individually collectively, owns holds, directly indirectly, more 50% in corporation, partnership, limited liability company business Borrower’s Subsidiaries.
This Agreement and the Disclosure Schedule Exhibits hereto constitute entire agreement between parties with respect to subject matter hereof may not be modified or amended in any manner other than by supplemental written executed hereto. Neither party, entering into this Agreement, has relied upon representation, warranty, covenant, condition term that is set forth Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything in this Section 4.5 to the contrary, as a condition receipt of any payment or benefit under 4.5, Executive must first execute and deliver Company, within 45 days following Executive’s Termination Date, an effective release form set out Exhibit 4.5(d) hereto, that becomes irrevocable prior 60 th day releasing Company Managed Funds, their officers, board members, employees agents from all claims causes action kind character may have arising employment with termination such employment, but excluding based upon Agreement.
Any party hereto or beneficiary hereof may by written notice to the other parties (A) extend time for performance of any obligations actions under this Agreement, (B) waive compliance with conditions covenants contained in Agreement (C) modify Agreement. Except as provided preceding sentence, no action taken pursuant including, without limitation, investigation on behalf beneficiary, shall be deemed constitute a waiver taking such representations, warranties, agreements herein. The breach provision not operate construed succeeding and failure exercise right privilege hereunder party’s beneficiary’s rights privileges same at subsequent times hereunder.
The Borrowers will, and will cause each of their Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations requirements any Governmental Authority applicable to its business properties, including, without limitation, Environmental Laws, ERISA OSHA, except where the failure do so, either individually or in aggregate, could not reasonably be expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.21, (a) each product designed, manufactured, shipped, sold or distributed by behalf of any Group Company since December 31, 2015 (the “Products”) has been in material conformity with all applicable express implied warranties, and (b) there is no pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened recall Product. There are existing nor, writing, claims against relating work performed Company, liability, indemnity, warranty other similar alleging that Product defective respect fails meet services warranties respect.
(a) Patents . Schedule 11(a) hereto sets forth all of each Pledgor’s issued from, and patent applications pending in, the United States Patent Trademark Office (“ USPTO ”), including name owner number such Patent, constituting Material IP Collateral. For purposes this Section , term “Patent” shall have meaning given to it in Security Agreement.
No right, power or remedy given Payee by the terms of this Note, in Loan Documents is intended to be exclusive any remedy, and each every such shall cumulative addition other statute against Maker person. Every continue full force effect until specifically waived an instrument writing, executed Payee. The proceeds of the Loans and Letters Credit will be used only for purposes referred to in preamble this Agreement. No part any Loan used, whether directly or indirectly, purpose that entails a violation Regulations Board, including T, U X.
On the Closing Date, subject to terms and conditions set forth herein, Company shall sell, Purchaser purchase, Securities comprising 555,555 Series B Shares Warrants purchase shares of Common Stock for an aggregate price $4,999,995, or $9.00 per Unit Securities. The deliver immediately available funds equal Purchaser’s Subscription Amount as on signature page hereto executed by Purchaser. Purchaser, its Securities, other items in Section 2.2 deliverable at Closing. Upon satisfaction covenants Sections 2.3, occur offices such location, including virtually, parties mutually agree.
Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, applicable Performance Period which contains date Control shall end, and Committee determine achievement Goal compliance with Section 4.1. Any remaining forfeiture restrictions on Shares for that lapse Committee’s determination, Company promptly issue to Participant. In addition, all previously credited shares within outstanding Restriction Periods be released All any future Period(s) Award forfeited.
As to any matter occurring or arising during the Executive’s employment with Company its Affiliates, hereby covenants and agrees indemnify Executive hold him harmless fully, completely, absolutely against in respect all actions, suits, proceedings, claims, demands, judgments, costs, reasonable expenses (including attorney’s fees), losses damages resulting from his good faith performance of duties obligations as an employee, officer director Affiliates extent provided by bylaws Affiliates; provided, however, that this indemnity shall not apply breach terms Agreement.
The Company intends to use the net proceeds from sale of Securities for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Lead Arranger (as of such date) shall have received the financial statements described in Section 5.05(a) First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, the notice address each party hereto shall be as set forth in Existing Credit Agreement.
Neither the Information Memorandum nor any of other written reports, financial statements, certificates or information furnished by on behalf Borrower Subsidiary to Administrative Agent Lender in connection with negotiation this Agreement delivered hereunder (as modified supplemented so furnished) contains material misstatement fact omits state necessary make statements therein, light circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, respect (i) Acquired Business, such representation shall, until and including Closing Date, be made Borrower’s knowledge (ii) projected forward-looking information, represents only that was prepared good faith based upon assumptions believed reasonable at time.
The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, execute deliver, or to be executed delivered, the Lender such documents, agreements instruments, take taken further actions, which may required by any Requirement of Law may, from time time, reasonably request carry out terms conditions this Agreement other Loan Documents, all at expense Borrower.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each which when so and delivered shall an original, but all constitute one the same instrument. It not necessary making proof this to produce or account for more than such counterpart. Delivery by telecopier electronic transmission counterpart a signature page effective as delivery original Agreement.
Borrowers shall give prompt notice to Agent of any litigation or governmental proceedings pending threatened in writing against Property, the Collateral, Borrower, Manager, Guarantor which might materially adversely affect Property Borrower’s, Manager’s, Guarantor’s condition (financial otherwise) business (including Borrower’s ability perform its Obligations hereunder under other Loan Documents). The 2016-A Lease complied in all material respects at the time it was originated and, as of Cutoff Date, will comply with requirements federal, State and local laws.
Unless otherwise provided herein, any notice required or permitted by this Warrant shall be in writing and deemed sufficient upon delivery, when delivered personally overnight courier sent facsimile, 48 hours after being deposited the U.S. mail, as certified registered with postage prepaid, addressed to party notified at such party’s address set forth on signature page, subsequently modified written notice.
By (i) 9:30 a.m. (Eastern time) on the Trading Day following Closing Date, Company shall issue a press release, disclosing transactions contemplated by Transaction Documents and (ii) 5:30 p.m. fourth will file Current Report Form 8-K, material terms of (and attach as exhibits thereto all existing Documents) Closing. The covenants that such disclosure, Investors no longer be in possession any material, non-public information with respect to or Subsidiary. In addition, make other filings notices manner time required Commission Market which Common Stock is quoted.
The Borrower will not, nor it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into transaction or series of transactions with Affiliate (other than, in the case Borrower, Subsidiary, and a another Subsidiary) other than ordinary course business pursuant to reasonable requirements Borrower’s such Subsidiary’s upon fair terms no less favorable would be obtained comparable arm’s-length Person an Affiliate, except (i) sales goods for use distribution outside United States that good faith judgment comply applicable legal Code, (ii) agreements payments officers, directors shareholders are either (A) entered not prohibited by provisions this Agreement, (B) business, approved Agreement violation law, rule regulation.
Except as expressly provided in this Article IX , or otherwise agreed writing by the Parties, Parties agree that (a) each Party shall not disclose to any Third Party, and keep confidence, all Confidential Information of other using same degree care with which it maintains confidentiality its own Information, but cases no less than a reasonable (b) may use Party’s only perform obligations exercise rights under Agreement.
Each Borrower hereby represents and warrants, on as of the date hereof, that (i) execution, delivery performance by such this Agreement transactions contemplated have been duly authorized all corporate, stockholder, partnership or limited liability company action required to be obtained Borrower, (ii) has executed delivered constitutes a legal, valid binding obligation enforceable against in accordance with its terms, subject (1) effects bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, (2) general principles equity (regardless whether enforceability is considered proceeding at law), (3) implied covenants good faith fair dealing.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company may withhold from amounts payable under Agreement all federal, state, local, and foreign taxes that are required to be withheld by applicable laws or regulations. All cash paid hereunder shall in United States dollars. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, Executive responsible for state local on compensation benefits hereunder.
The principle that an agreement should be construed against the party drafting shall not apply to this Agreement as both parties hereto have contributed substantially in negotiation and of Agreement. captions are inserted for convenience reference only do define, describe or limit scope intent any term hereof. All personal pronouns used Agreement, whether masculine, feminine, neuter gender, include all other genders. singular plural vice versa.
This Agreement together with the other Secured Credit Documents and Pari Debt represents agreement of each Grantors Parties respect to subject matter hereof there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by any Grantor, Agents Party relative not expressly set forth referred herein in Documents. The Debtor shall comply in all respects, including the conduct of its business and operations use Collateral, with applicable laws, rules, regulations, decrees, orders, judgments, licenses permits, except where failure to could not reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect.
Lender hereby waives Borrower’s obligations to deliver the lease subordination agreement and recordable easement or amendment an existing easement, each from LOL Purina, under paragraphs 4 5, respectively of Post Closing Agreement. The terms and conditions of this Stock Option Agreement shall be binding upon inure to the benefit Company its successors assigns, Participant beneficiaries, executors, administrators, heirs, Participant.
There are no Claims pending against 180 or, to the Knowledge of 180, threatened Business, Assets, or any property rights at law in equity, before by Governmental Authority and (b) all worker’s compensation outstanding 180. is not subject continuing order, writ, injunction decree applicable specifically Business its operations, assets Employees, nor default with respect assets, operations Employees.
The Borrower shall have paid, or will substantially simultaneously with the initial borrowing under Initial Term Loans pay, all fees and reasonable expenses (including, without limitation, legal expenses) of Administrative Agent Lenders as to extent (a) required be paid by (b) invoiced at least two business days prior Effective Date (which amounts may offset against proceeds Loans).
Each of the Buyers and Company acknowledges agrees that irreparable damage would occur to other parties hereunder in event any provisions this Agreement or Transaction Documents were not performed by such party accordance with their specific terms otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed each shall be entitled an injunction injunctions prevent cure breaches enforce specifically hereof thereof being addition remedy which may law equity.
Except to the extent preempted by ERISA or Code, laws of State Ohio shall govern Program and any disputes arising thereunder. This Agreement represents the entire agreement between parties relating to subject matter hereof. All previous agreements parties, whether written or oral, have been merged into this Agreement. completely expresses of
The Issuer will not access, use or withdraw the proceeds of Notes until such time as (i) Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title in Collateral (other than Litigation Proceeds Pledged Deposit Accounts), for Secured Obligations, has been perfected constitutes creates a fully Lien; (ii) an Opinion Counsel delivered to Indenture Trustee that Security Documents Account Control Agreement) are valid enforceable against constitute create Obligations; (iii) complied with its other obligations under Section 4.11 respect Agreement).
Whenever notice is required or permitted by this Agreement to be given, such shall in writing (including telecopy similar writing) and given hand delivery any courier service) Partner at its address number shown the books records of Partnership or, if General Partnership, New York City. Each effective (i) telecopy, upon dispatch (ii) delivery, when delivered specified as aforesaid. Sections 8 19(3) Electronic Transactions Law (2003 Revision) Cayman Islands not apply Agreement.
Except as set forth explicitly herein, this Agreement may not be amended or modified except by written agreement signed Executive and Employer (and prior to the Effective Time, Pulaski Bank). This Agreement contains the entire agreement between Parties with respect to subject matter hereof and, except as expressly provided in Section 2, supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, written or oral, thereto.
Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to contrary, you will not be entitled to, and shall claim, any benefit under Plan if provision of such would give rise a breach Part 2D.2 Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), other that Act, or applicable statute, rule regulation which limits restricts giving benefits. Further, Employer is no obligation seek obtain approval its shareholders general meeting for purpose overcoming limitation restriction.
Any controversy or claim between Executive and RGP arising out of, relating to connected with this Agreement, its enforcement interpretation, because of an alleged breach, default, misrepresentation in connection any provisions, shall be submitted arbitration, held Orange County, accordance the applicable state statutory scheme. In event either party institutes arbitration under prevailing such dispute entitled, addition all other relief, reasonable attorneys’ fees arbitration. The nonprevailing responsible for costs including but not limited to, fees, court reporter fees.
The equity granted under this Section 3 shall vest 100% in full on the one-year anniversary date of grant date, provided , however that by Compensation Committee to a Non-Employee Director appointed Company after an AGM or Chairman middle term, may at such time as determined long Board continues serve capacity through vesting date. Notwithstanding foregoing, if ceases due death, disability, removal, resignation retirement, have discretion accelerate Director’s cessation service. Otherwise, be forfeited.
The headings contained in this Agreement or any Schedule to are for reference purposes only and shall not affect way the meaning interpretation of Agreement. All Schedules referred incorporated made a part as if set forth full Any capitalized terms used but otherwise defined such have When is an Article, Section Schedule, be Article of, to, unless indicated. For all hereof, “include” “including” deemed followed by words “without limitation”. “hereof”, “herein” “hereunder” similar import when refer whole particular provision No interpreted construed against Party hereto solely because its legal representative drafted provision.
This Waiver and Amendment No. 6 shall be construed in accordance with the internal laws (without regard to conflict of law provisions) State Colorado, but giving effect federal applicable national banks. No waiver of any the provisions this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in one more instances, shall be deemed construed as a further, continuing subsequent such provision other Agreement. failure to exercise and no delay exercising right, remedy power hereunder will preclude further provided herein law equity.
Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived if, and only such amendment waiver is in writing signed (a) the case an amendment, by each parties, (b) a waiver, party against whom to effective. No failure delay any exercising right, power privilege hereunder shall operate as thereof, nor single partial exercise thereof preclude other further privilege.
Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (or, solely with respect to any period prior consummation Spin Transaction, Manitowoc Subsidiaries) has timely filed or caused be all Tax returns reports required have been (including filing extensions in thereof) paid Taxes by it, except (a) that are being contested good faith appropriate proceedings for which such Subsidiary Subsidiaries), as applicable, set aside on books adequate reserves (b) extent failure do so could not reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT EACH HEREBY WAIVE, AND AGREE CAUSE THEIR AFFILIATES FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT TRIAL JURY OF CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR (A) ARISING UNDER (B) IN WAY CONNECTED WITH RELATED INCIDENTAL DEALINGS HERETO RESPECT TRANSACTIONS HERETO, CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING HEREAFTER ARISING, CONTRACT, TORT, EQUITY OTHERWISE. AGREES CONSENTS THAT SUCH SHALL BE DECIDED COURT WITHOUT A MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART COPY AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE CONSENT WAIVER JURY.
During the Employment Period and thereafter, Executive will cooperate with Company in any internal investigation or administrative, regulatory judicial proceeding as reasonably requested by (including, without limitation, being available to upon reasonable notice for interviews factual investigations, appearing at Company’s request give testimony requiring service of a subpoena other legal process, volunteering all pertinent information turning over relevant documents which are may come into Executive’s possession, times on schedules that consistent permitted activities commitments). In event requires cooperation accordance this Paragraph 17 following termination employment Company, pay per diem determined Board reimburse expenses incurred connection therewith.
In addition to all other amounts payable the Executive under this Agreement, during term of Agreement and for a period twenty (20) years following Qualifying Event, Company shall pay or reimburse legal fees (including, without limitation, any court costs attorneys’ expenses) incurred by in connection with as result claim, action proceeding brought respect arising out provision hereof; provided , however that case an Executive, have no obligation such if is successful establishing Executive’s was frivolous otherwise reasonable factual basis. All expenses be reimbursed December 31 year which expense incurred. The amount one not affect eligible reimbursement subsequent year.
Any notices permitted or required under the provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and personally delivered, mailed by certified mail, postage prepaid facsimile transmission (with proof transmission) sent overnight courier service to address relevant party as first set forth above. Licensor Licensee may direct such other Person any have specified a notice duly given provided herein. Such notice, request, demand, waiver, consent, approval communication will deemed been date so delivered.
This Agreement is made under, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of State Maryland, without giving effect to principles conflict such state. The Executive shall report directly to the Company’s Chief Officer or his designee (the “ MDC Executive” ), at such times and in detail as reasonably require. perform duties consistent with position may be directed by of Company.
Any action which may be brought in a court of law with respect to this Agreement the courts State New Jersey or United States America for District Jersey, and Executive accepts himself Executive’s property, generally unconditionally, jurisdiction these courts. The irrevocably waives any objection, including, but not limited to, objection laying venue based on grounds forum non conveniens , now hereafter have bringing those jurisdictions.
Borrower hereby represents that it has dealt with no financial advisors, brokers, underwriters, placement agents, agents or finders in connection the transactions contemplated by this Agreement other than J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. agrees to indemnify, defend hold Lender harmless from against any all claims, liabilities, costs expenses of kind (including Lender’s attorneys’ fees expenses) way relating arising a claim Person such acted on behalf herein. The provisions Section 9.20 shall survive expiration termination payment Debt.
If a claim, dispute, or controversy arises between any of the parties with respect to this Agreement, related agreements, (all foregoing, “Dispute”), and only if jury trial waiver is not permitted by applicable law ruling court, party may require that Dispute be resolved binding arbitration before single arbitrator at request party. By agreeing arbitrate Dispute, each giving up right it have trial, as well other rights would in court are available more limited arbitration, such discovery appeal.
The Company shall use the net proceeds from sale of Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and not such proceeds: (a) satisfaction any portion Company’s debt (other than payment trade payables in ordinary course business prior practices), (b) redemption Common Stock or Equivalents, (c) violation FCPA OFAC regulations (d) settlement outstanding litigation.
The Executive and the Company waive any right to a court (including jury) proceeding instead agree submit dispute over application, interpretation, validity, or other aspect of this Change Control Agreement binding arbitration consistent with application Federal Arbitration Act procedural rules American Association (“AAA”) before an arbitrator who is member National Academy Arbitrators (“NAA”) out nationwide panel eleven (11) arbitrators be supplied by AAA. will absorb fee charged expenses incurred neutral selected.
This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of Seller, enforceable against Seller in accordance with its terms except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance other similar laws general application affecting enforcement creditors’ rights generally (ii) availability remedy specific performance or injunctive forms equitable relief may be subject to defenses would discretion court before which any proceeding therefor brought. Upon execution delivery this closing documents required Section 4(B), such will constitute obligations applicable, it their respective terms.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Illinois jurisdiction lie Courts located Illinois. For purposes this Agreement, venue as to any dispute or controversy arising hereunder a court competent Adams County, U.S. District Court for Central The Company shall be entitled to withhold from any payment due Executive under this Agreement amounts required withheld by all applicable federal, state and local law.
The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of 10.02(e) shall survive resignation Administrative Agent L/C Issuer, replacement any Lender, termination Aggregate Commitments repayment, satisfaction or discharge all other Obligations. The Company shall use the net proceeds from sale of Units hereunder for working capital and general corporate purposes not such for: (a) redemption any securities Company, or (b) settlement outstanding litigation.
Nothing in this Agreement shall interfere with or limit any way the right of Company its Affiliates to terminate your employment other relationship at time (with without Cause), nor confer upon you continue employ of, with, for period present (or other) rate compensation. The “Effective Date” of the Agreement is December 22, 2015.
Executive hereby agrees not to defame or disparage Company any of its products, services, finances, financial conditions, capabilities other aspect businesses, former existing employees Company, in medium person entity without limitation time. shall instruct current officers Notwithstanding these provisions, and Lannett’s may confer confidence with their legal representatives make truthful statements as required by law.
Except as otherwise provided in any Employment Agreement (as defined Section 14 hereof) or determined by the Committee its sole discretion 4, 5, 6 hereof, Shares shall vest and Restrictions lapse thereby terminate be of no further force effect on third anniversary Award Date (the “ Vesting ”) that you are continuously employed Company through such Date.
Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Agreement unless such waiver is given in writing and signed by Lender. No delay or omission on the part of exercising right operate as a other right. A provision prejudice constitute Lender’s otherwise demand strict compliance with that Agreement. prior Lender, nor course dealing between Borrower, obligations Borrower future transactions. Whenever consent required Agreement, granting instance continuing subsequent instances where required, all cases may granted withheld sole discretion
During the initial year of Employment Term, for all services rendered by Executive hereunder, Company shall pay a base salary (“ Base Salary ”), at annual rate $__________, payable in installments such times as customarily pays its other employees. Executive’s be reviewed periodically appropriate adjustments, if any, CEO or Compensation Committee Board (the “ ”) pursuant to Company’s normal performance review policies senior level executives. also may decreased part an overall reduction compensation.
No Borrower shall, nor shall it permit any other Loan Party to grant or exist (voluntarily involuntarily) lien, claim, security interest encumbrance whatsoever on of its assets, than Permitted Liens. The masculine gender, when used in this Agreement, shall be deemed to include the feminine gender and singular number plural, unless context clearly indicates contrary.
The Company will reimburse each Designee that serves as a director for all reasonable costs and expenses (including travel expenses) incurred in connection with such director’s attendance at meetings of the Board Directors or any committee upon which serves. not pay annual fees attending meetings. shall indemnify to same extent it indemnifies its other directors pursuant organizational documents applicable law.
The authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Corporation as June 30, 2016 is set forth in Offering Memorandum under “Capitalization.” Other than pursuant to exercises options purchase equity securities grant restricted share Corporation’s common its compensation plans, there have not been any subsequent issuances since 2016; has additional long term (i.e., a maturity greater one year) borrowings by except Federal Home Loan Bank advances or sold agreements repurchase incurred ordinary course business.
Executive represents and warrants to Ominto that (a) has the legal right enter into this Agreement perform all of obligations on Executive’s part be performed hereunder in accordance with its terms, (b) is not a party any agreement or understanding, written oral, subject restriction, which, either case, could prevent from entering performing duties hereunder.
This Agreement supersedes any previous understandings or agreements among the parties, whether oral written, with respect to issuance and sale of Purchased Common Units. contains entire understanding parties subject matter hereof. No understanding, representation, promise agreement, is intended be shall included in form part this unless it contained a written amendment hereto executed by hereto.
Set forth in Annex III is a complete and correct list of all the Subsidiaries Parent Borrower as Effective Date, together with, for each such Subsidiary, (i) jurisdiction organization (ii) Person holding direct ownership interests Subsidiary (iii) percentage represented by interests. Except disclosed III, its owns, free clear Liens, has unencumbered right to vote, outstanding shown be held it III.
In addition to being entitled exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, Investor and the Company will be seek specific performance under Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not adequate compensation for any loss incurred reason breach obligations described in foregoing sentence hereby waive action such obligation (other than connection with a temporary restraining order) defense remedy at law would adequate.
Executive shall serve as Chief Officer of the Company and have such normal customary duties responsibilities commensurate with her position. report directly to Company’s Board Directors (the “ ”). devote best efforts all business time attention affairs diligently, faithfully competently perform hereunder; provided however that foregoing not preclude from engaging in charitable community managing personal investments extent they do unreasonably interfere obligations hereunder.
Except as listed on Schedule 3 hereto, to the Prior Perfection Certificate sets forth all pending actions, investigations, suits, proceedings, audits, claims, demands, orders or disputes that would have a material adverse effect Collateral taken whole enforceability of any Security Documents attachment, perfection priority Liens intended be created thereby. The Partnership is a limited partnership organized pursuant to the provisions of Act. Except as expressly provided herein, rights and obligations Partners administration termination shall be governed by Interest each Partner personal property for all purposes.
During the Term, Executive ’ s annual base salary shall be $ 340,000 . The re - determined annually by Board or Comp ensation Committee and subject to increase but not decrease while serving in this role effect at any given time is referred herein as “ Base Salary. ” Salary payable a manner that consistent with Company usual payroll practices for senior executives.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, closing Merger (the “ Closing ”) shall take place at 10:00 a.m., Cincinnati time, on date execution provided that all set forth in Article VII have been satisfied or waived, offices Keating Muething & Klekamp PLL, Suite 1400, One East Fourth Street, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202, such other time as Company Parent may mutually agree upon writing day which takes being Date ”).
After this transaction, the Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined Section 2 Securities Act) that would be integrated with such rules Trading Market require shareholder approval transaction prior closing other unless is obtained before subsequent transaction.
The Company will provide financial statements to each Participant prior such Participant’s purchase of Shares under this Plan, and annually during the period has Awards outstanding; provided, however, not be required Participants whose services in connection with assure them access equivalent information. The rights granted under this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date.
Except as set forth on Schedule 5.06 , there are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, threatened in writing, at law, equity, arbitration before Governmental Authority, by against Consolidated Party its properties revenues that either individually aggregate, would reasonably be expected have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Company, supersedes all prior contemporaneous communications, agreements (including Offer Letter) understandings, whether written or oral, with respect to your employment, its termination, ownership of equity interests, related matters, excluding only obligations under Employment rights securities which shall remain in full force effect accordance their terms.
ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, SHALL BE BROUGHT AND MAINTAINED EXCLUSIVELY COURTS OF STATE NEW YORK UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR SOUTHERN DELAWARE. EACH MEMBER HEREBY EXPRESSLY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO JURISDICTION DELAWARE PURPOSE SUCH AS SET FORTH ABOVE. FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, FURTHER CONSENTS SERVICE PROCESS REGISTERED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, PERSONAL WITHIN WITHOUT WAIVES, OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW HEREAFTER HAVE LAYING VENUE REFERRED ABOVE CLAIM THAT HAS BEEN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.
Effective as of the Date but subject to satisfaction conditions precedent set forth in Article III below, Administrative Agent and Required Lenders agree waive, until March 31, 2016, requirement that Borrower deliver audited annual financial statements for fiscal year 2015 without any going concern modifier failure a (or existence with modifier) shall not constitute Default or Event 2016. An immediate occur under Credit Agreement if such financials are delivered by date. The foregoing waiver does apply other may currently be outstanding, future Default. Borrower, on its behalf Subsidiaries Affiliates, agrees represent agreement commitment Lender provide modifications Loan Document.
(a) The Revolving Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus Applicable Rate. Seller is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of State Delaware has all necessary corporate power authority to own, operate or lease properties assets being sold Buyer.
The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any by law. Without limiting the foregoing, Servicer each Originator hereby authorizes Company, Administrative Agent, Lender Group Agent (collectively, “ Set-off Parties ”), at time from to time, fullest extent permitted law, set-off, against obligations or such Party arising in connection with Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, amounts payable pursuant Section 9.1 ) that then due but have accrued, all deposits (general special, demand, provisional final) held by, indebtedness owing for credit account Originator.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OF PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY ALL RIGHT TRIAL JURY. All statements set forth in Section 3 shall be true and correct as of the Effective Date, except to extent that any such statement expressly relates an earlier date (in which case was on date).
The Company shall initially have one (1) Manager. initial Manager be W. John Short. number of Managers the fixed from time to by affirmative vote or written consent a Majority in Interest Members; provided , that no instance there less than and further if is increased more (1), Certificate amended delete statement has only Unless resigns removed, hold office until successor elected qualified. Members. A need not Member, an individual, resident any specific State, citizen United States. If Manager, majority govern all decisions made Managers.
Except as otherwise specified herein or the context may require, capitalized terms used but not defined are in Appendix A to Sale Agreement, dated date hereof, between Huntington Funding, LLC, seller (the “ Seller ”), and Issuer, which also contains rules usage that applicable herein. This Agreement, including the Schedules and Exhibits hereto, constitutes entire agreement between Parties pertaining to subject matter contained in it supersedes all prior contemporaneous agreements, representations understandings, whether oral or written, of with respect such matter.
With respect to any suit, action or proceeding relating offers, purchases sales of the Supplemental Shares by Investor (" Proceedings "), irrevocably submits jurisdiction federal state courts located in Grand Rapids, Michigan, which submission shall be exclusive unless none such has lawful over Proceedings. Compliance with any term or provision hereof may be waived only by a written instrument executed each party entitled to the benefits of same. No failure exercise right, power privilege granted hereunder shall operate as waiver thereof, nor single partial thereof preclude other further hereunder.
Each of the parties hereto hereby waives to fullest extent permitted by applicable law any right it may have a trial jury with respect litigation directly or indirectly arising out of, under in connection this Agreement transactions contemplated hereby. (a) certifies that no representative, agent attorney other party has represented, expressly otherwise, such would not, event litigation, seek enforce foregoing waiver and (b) acknowledges been induced enter into hereby, as applicable, by, among things, mutual waivers certifications Section 8.5 .
All of the Subsidiaries each Seller at date hereof are listed on Schedule 3 to this Agreement. Indebtedness Party and Servicer (other than created pursuant Agreement) is 5 Each of the parties agrees that any information furnished pursuant to this Agreement is confidential and, except as and extent required by law or otherwise during course an audit contest other administrative legal proceeding, shall not be disclosed person entity.
The Loan Parties, on a Consolidated basis, are Solvent (and, the Amendment No. 4 5 Effective Date will be immediately after giving effect to Transactions). No transfer of property is being made by any Party and no obligation incurred in connection with Transactions, this Agreement or other Documents intent hinder, delay, defraud either present future creditors Party.
Each of the Borrower and each Subsidiary has timely filed or caused to be all federal material state, local foreign Tax returns required have been paid Taxes shown payable on such any assessments received from taxing authority by them, except (a) that are being contested in good faith appropriate proceedings for which Subsidiary, as applicable, set aside its books adequate reserves (to extent GAAP) (b) failure do so could not reasonably expected result a Material Adverse Effect.
TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED, EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND COVENANTS IT WILL ASSERT (WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE) ANY RIGHT TRIAL JURY IN FORUM RESPECT OF ISSUE, CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION CAUSE ARISING WHOLE PART UNDER, RELATED TO, BASED ON, CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, WHETHER NOW EXISTING HEREAFTER SOUNDING TORT CONTRACT OTHERWISE. HERETO MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART A COPY SECTION 9.14 WITH COURT WRITTEN EVIDENCE CONSENT SUCH WAIVER ITS JURY.
If any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement is deemed to be invalid, illegal unenforceable, other will construed and enforced as if unenforceable provision had never been included. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance the laws of State New York. After delivery of the Product to Purchaser in accordance with terms this Agreement and Quality Agreement, any handling, storage, quality control, assurance, release shall be sole responsibility or its designated Third Party.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be held illegal or invalid for reason, such illegality invalidity not affect the remaining parts Agreement, and construed enforced as if had been included. To extent is deemed to unenforceable written but could made enforceable by way modification reformation, then it intent parties that modified reformed make fullest permitted law.
After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by Loan Documents, (i) aggregate value of each Borrower’s assets will exceed its liabilities (including contingent, subordinated, unmatured and unliquidated liabilities), (ii) Borrower have sufficient cash flow enable it pay such debts as they become due, (iii) no unreasonably small capital for business in which is engaged.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State Nevada, without reference to principles conflict laws. Subject Section 5(f) this Agreement, Executive specifically agrees consents that any controversy or claim arising out relating settled final, binding nonappealable arbitration Las Vegas, Nevada. following provisions, such conducted rules American Arbitration Association then effect. Any award entered arbitrators judgment may thereon either party applicable law court competent jurisdiction. provision enforceable. The captions are not part provisions hereof have no force invalidity unenforceability affect validity enforceability other Agreement.
Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company Person pursuant this Note, unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, such shall in lawful money United States America via wire transfer immediately available funds accordance with Holder’s instructions. amount expressed due terms Note on day which not a Business Day, same instead next succeeding Day.
Purchaser and Seller hereby agree, warrant, acknowledge that no real estate brokers or agents are involved in this transaction would be considered the procuring cause of transaction. do indemnify hold harmless defend other from against any all causes, claims, damages, losses, liabilities, fees, commissions, settlement, judgments, expenses fees (including reasonable attorneys’ court costs) connection with claim for charges relating way to transaction, consummation thereof, which may made by person, firm entity, as result indemnifying party’s acts, claiming by, through, under party. This indemnity shall survive termination Closing Agreement.
You agree not to defame, disparage or demean the Released Parties (whether orally in writing) any manner whatsoever. also encourage other person make statement disparaging Notwithstanding foregoing, nothing this Agreement shall preclude you from making truthful statements that are required by applicable law, regulation legal process. Company will instruct its executive officers disparaging, defamatory demeaning comments about and as of Transition Date reference press release public document than comply with process at all times compliance Agreement.
As of the date hereof, you will serve as Company’s General Counsel (or such other position may be assigned by President Company (the “ ”), Chief Executive Officer (“ CEO ”) or Board Directors ”)). You have duties and authority determined from time to President, Board. While employed Company, devote your full business best efforts performance hereunder affairs not engage in any business, profession occupation for compensation otherwise which would conflict interfere with rendition services without Board’s prior written consent. expected primarily work office Indianapolis, IN McLean, VA.
If the Committee determines that a Participant has become permanently disabled before Participant’s entire Account Balance been distributed, Committee, in its sole discretion, may modify timing of distributions from Account, including commencement date and number distributions, if it concludes such modification is necessary to relieve financial burdens Participant; provided, however, distribution accordance with provisions this Section 8(c) portion allocated Company Stock Investment Option would otherwise result nonexempt short-swing transaction under 16 (b) Exchange Act, respect any Person shall be delayed until earliest upon which either not or liability 16(b) Act.
In order to operate and administer the claims procedure in a timely efficient manner, any Claimant whose appeal with respect claim for benefits has been denied, who desires commence legal action such claim, must court of competent jurisdiction within 90 days receipt notification denial or date deemed denial. Failure file by prescribed time will forever bar commencement action.
