Digitized by Dave Gowan. John Locke's 'Second Treatise of Government was published in . The complete unabridged text has been republished several times in edited commentaries. This text is recovered entire from the paperback book, 'John Locke Second Treatise of Government, Edited, with an Introduction, By C.B. McPherson, Hackett Publishing Company, Indianapolis and Cambridge, .
None of the McPherson edition is included in the Etext below only the original words contained in the  Locke text is included. The  edition text is free of copyright. SALUS POPULI SUPREMA LEX ESTO LONDON PRINTED MDCLXXXVIII REPRINTED, THE SIXTH TIME, BY A. MILLAR, H. WOODFALL, . WHISTON AND B.
WHITE, . RIVINGTON, L. DAVIS AND C. REYMERS, R. BALDWIN, HAWES CLARKE AND COLLINS W. IOHNSTON, W. OWEN, . RICHARDSON, S. CROWDER, T. LONGMAN, B. LAW, C. RIVINGTON, E. DILLY, R. WITHY, C. AND R. WARE, S. BAKER, T. PAYNE, A. SHUCKBURGH, . HINXMAN MDCCLXIII TWO TREATISES OF GOVERNMENT. IN THE FORMER THE FALSE PRINCIPLES AND FOUNDATION OF SIR ROBERT FILMER AND HIS FOLLOWERS ARE DETECTED AND OVERTHROWN.
THE LATTER IS AN ESSAY CONCERNING THE TRUE ORIGINAL EXTENT AND END OF CIVIL GOVERNMENT. EDITOR'S NOTE The present Edition of this Book has not only been collated with the first three Editions, which were published during the Author's Life, but also has the Advantage of his last Corrections and Improvements, from a Copy delivered by him to Mr.
Peter Coste, communicated to the Editor, and now lodged in Christ College, Cambridge. Reader, thou hast here the beginning and end of a discourse concerning government what fate has otherwise disposed of the papers that should have filled up the middle, and were more than all the rest, it is not worth while to tell thee.
These, which remain, I hope are sufficient to establish the throne of our great restorer, our present King William to make good his title, in the consent of the people, which being the only one of all lawful governments, he has more fully and clearly, than any prince in Christendom and to justify to the world the people of England, whose love of their just and natural rights, with their resolution to preserve them, saved the nation when it was on the very brink of slavery and ruin.
If these papers have that evidence, I flatter myself is to be found in them, there will be no great miss of those which are lost, and my reader may be satisfied without them for I imagine, I shall have neither the time, nor inclination to repeat my pains, and fill up the wanting part of my answer, by tracing Sir Robert again, through all the windings and obscurities, which are to be met with in the several branches of his wonderful system.
If he think it not worth while to examine his works all thro', let him make an experiment in that part, where he treats of usurpation and let him try, whether he can, with all his skill, make Sir Robert intelligible, and consistent with himself, or common sense. I should not speak so plainly of a gentleman, long since past answering, had not the pulpit, of late years, publicly owned his doctrine, and made it the current divinity of the times.
They have been so zealous in this point, that, if I have done him any wrong, I cannot hope they should spare me. I wish, where they have done the truth and the public wrong, they would be as ready to redress it, and allow its just weight to this reflection, viz.
that there cannot be done a greater mischief to prince and people, than the propagating wrong notions concerning government that so at last all times might not have reason to complain of the Drum Ecclesiastic. If any one, concerned really for truth, undertake the confutation of my Hypothesis, I promise him either to recant my mistake, upon fair conviction or to answer his difficulties.
Secondly, That I shall not take railing for arguments, nor think either of these worth my notice, though I shall always look on myself as bound to give satisfaction to any one, who shall appear to be conscientiously scrupulous in the point, and shall shew any just grounds for his scruples.
I have nothing more, but to advertise the reader, that Observations stands for Observations on Hobbs, Milton, c. and that a bare quotation of pages always means pages of his Patriarcha, Edition . Sect. . It having been shewn in the foregoing discourse, (). That Adam had not, either by natural right of fatherhood, or by positive donation from God, any such authority over his children, or dominion over the world, as is pretended ().
That if he had, his heirs, yet, had no right to it (). That if his heirs had, there being no law of nature nor positive law of God that determines which is the right heir in all cases that may arise, the right of succession, and consequently of bearing rule, could not have been certainly determined ().
To this purpose, I think it may not be amiss, to set down what I take to be political power that the power of a MAGISTRATE over a subject may be distinguished from that of a FATHER over his children, a MASTER over his servant, a HUSBAND over his wife, and a LORD over his slave.
POLITICAL POWER, then, I take to be a RIGHT of making laws with penalties of death, and consequently all less penalties, for the regulating and preserving of property, and of employing the force of the community, in the execution of such laws, and in the defence of the commonwealth from foreign injury and all this only for the public good.
TO understand political power right, and derive it from its original, we must consider, what state all men are naturally in, and that is, a state of perfect freedom to order their actions, and dispose of their possessions and persons, as they think fit, within the bounds of the law of nature, without asking leave, or depending upon the will of any other man.
A state also of equality, wherein all the power and jurisdiction is reciprocal, no one having more than another there being nothing more evident, than that creatures of the same species and rank, promiscuously born to all the same advantages of nature, and the use of the same faculties, should also be equal one amongst another without subordination or subjection, unless the lord and master of them all should, by any manifest declaration of his will, set one above another, and confer on him, by an evident and clear appointment, an undoubted right to dominion and sovereignty.
This equality of men by nature, the judicious Hooker looks upon as so evident in itself, and beyond all question, that he makes it the foundation of that obligation to mutual love amongst men, on which he builds the duties they owe one another, and from whence he derives the great maxims of justice and charity.
His words are, The like natural inducement hath brought men to know that it is no less their duty, to love others than themselves for seeing those things which are equal, must needs all have one measure if I cannot but wish to receive good, even as much at every man's hands, as any man can wish unto his own soul, how should I look to have any part of my desire herein satisfied, unless myself be careful to satisfy the like desire, which is undoubtedly in other men, being of one and the same nature?
But though this be a state of liberty, yet it is not a state of licence though man in that state have an uncontroulable liberty to dispose of his person or possessions, yet he has not liberty to destroy himself, or so much as any creature in his possession, but where some nobler use than its bare preservation calls for it.
Every one, as he is bound to preserve himself, and not to quit his station wilfully, so by the like reason, when his own preservation comes not in competition, ought he, as much as he can, to preserve the rest of mankind, and may not, unless it be to do justice on an offender, take away, or impair the life, or what tends to the preservation of the life, the liberty, health, limb, or goods of another.
And if any one in the state of nature may punish another for any evil he has done, every one may do so for in that state of perfect equality, where naturally there is no superiority or jurisdiction of one over another, what any may do in prosecution of that law, every one must needs have a right to do.
And thus, in the state of nature, one man comes by a power over another but yet no absolute or arbitrary power, to use a criminal, when he has got him in his hands, according to the passionate heats, or boundless extravagancy of his own will but only to retribute to him, so far as calm reason and conscience dictate, what is proportionate to his transgression, which is so much as may serve for reparation and restraint for these two are the only reasons, why one man may lawfully do harm to another, which is that we call punishment.
In transgressing the law of nature, the offender declares himself to live by another rule than that of reason and common equity, which is that measure God has set to the actions of men, for their mutual security and so he becomes dangerous to mankind, the tye, which is to secure them from injury and violence, being slighted and broken by him.
Which being a trespass against the whole species, and the peace and safety of it, provided for by the law of nature, every man upon this score, by the right he hath to preserve mankind in general, may restrain, or where it is necessary, destroy things noxious to them, and so may bring such evil on any one, who hath transgressed that law, as may make him repent the doing of it, and thereby deter him, and by his example others, from doing the like mischief.
And in the case, and upon this ground, EVERY MAN HATH A RIGHT TO PUNISH THE OFFENDER, AND BE EXECUTIONER OF THE LAW OF NATURE. Sect. . I doubt not but this will seem a very strange doctrine to some men but before they condemn it, I desire them to resolve me, by what right any prince or state can put to death, or punish an alien, for any crime he commits in their country.
It is certain their laws, by virtue of any sanction they receive from the promulgated will of the legislative, reach not a stranger they speak not to him, nor, if they did, is he bound to hearken to them. The legislative authority, by which they are in force over the subjects of that commonwealth, hath no power over him.
Those who have the supreme power of making laws in England, France or Holland, are to an Indian, but like the rest of the world, men without authority and therefore, if by the law of nature every man hath not a power to punish offences against it, as he soberly judges the case to require, I see not how the magistrates of any community can punish an alien of another country since, in reference to him, they can have no more power than what every man naturally may have over another.
From these two distinct rights, the one of punishing the crime for restraint, and preventing the like offence, which right of punishing is in every body the other of taking reparation, which belongs only to the injured party, comes it to pass that the magistrate, who by being magistrate hath the common right of punishing put into his hands, can often, where the public good demands not the execution of the law, remit the punishment of criminal offences by his own authority, but yet cannot remit the satisfaction due to any private man for the damage he has received.
And Cain was so fully convinced, that every one had a right to destroy such a criminal, that after the murder of his brother, he cries out, Every one that findeth me, shall slay me so plain was it writ in the hearts of all mankind. Sect. . By the same reason may a man in the state of nature punish the lesser breaches of that law.
That in the state of nature every one has the executive power of the law of nature, I doubt not but it will be objected, that it is unreasonable for men to be judges in their own cases, that selflove will make men partial to themselves and their friends and on the other side, that ill nature, passion and revenge will carry them too far in punishing others and hence nothing but confusion and disorder will follow, and that therefore God hath certainly appointed government to restrain the partiality and violence of men.
and in whatsoever he doth, whether led by reason, mistake or passion, must be submitted to? much better it is in the state of nature, wherein men are not bound to submit to the unjust will of another and if he that judges, judges amiss in his own, or any other case, he is answerable for it to the rest of mankind.
Sect. . It is often asked as a mighty objection, where are, or ever were there any men in such a state of nature? To which it may suffice as an answer at present, that since all princes and rulers of independent governments all through the world, are in a state of nature, it is plain the world never was, nor ever will be, without numbers of men in that state.
I have named all governors of independent communities, whether they are, or are not, in league with others for it is not every compact that puts an end to the state of nature between men, but only this one of agreeing together mutually to enter into one community, and make one body politic other promises, and compacts, men may make one with another, and yet still be in the state of nature.
between the two men in the desert island, mentioned by Garcilasso de la Vega, in his history of Peru or between a Swiss and an Indian, in the woods of America, are binding to them, though they are perfectly in a state of nature, in reference to one another for truth and keeping of faith belongs to men, as men, and not as members of society.
To be free from such force is the only security of my preservation and reason bids me look on him, as an enemy to my preservation, who would take away that freedom which is the fence to it so that he who makes an attempt to enslave me, thereby puts himself into a state of war with me.
He that, in the state of nature, would take away the freedom that belongs to any one in that state, must necessarily be supposed to have a design to take away every thing else, that freedom being the foundation of all the rest as he that, in the state of society, would take away the freedom belonging to those of that society or commonwealth, must be supposed to design to take away from them every thing else, and so be looked on as in a state of war.
And therefore it is lawful for me to treat him as one who has put himself into a state of war with me, i.e. kill him if I can for to that hazard does he justly expose himself, whoever introduces a state of war, and is aggressor in it. Sect.
And here we have the plain difference between the state of nature and the state of war, which however some men have confounded, are as far distant, as a state of peace, good will, mutual assistance and preservation, and a state of enmity, malice, violence and mutual destruction, are one from another.
But force, or a declared design of force, upon the person of another, where there is no common superior on earth to appeal to for relief, is the state of war and it is the want of such an appeal gives a man the right of war even against an aggressor, tho' he be in society and a fellow subject.
To avoid this state of war (wherein there is no appeal but to heaven, and wherein every the least difference is apt to end, where there is no authority to decide between the contenders) is one great reason of men's putting themselves into society, and quitting the state of nature for where there is an authority, a power on earth, from which relief can be had by appeal, there the continuance of the state of war is excluded, and the controversy is decided by that power.
Had there been any such court, any superior jurisdiction on earth, to determine the right between Jephtha and the Ammonites, they had never come to a state of war but we see he was forced to appeal to heaven. The Lord the Judge (says he) be judge this day between the children of Israel and the children of Ammon, Judg.
xi. . and then prosecuting, and relying on his appeal, he leads out his army to battle and therefore in such controversies, where the question is put, who shall be judge? It cannot be meant, who shall decide the controversy every one knows what Jephtha here tells us, that the Lord the Judge shall judge.
Where there is no judge on earth, the appeal lies to God in heaven. That question then cannot mean, who shall judge, whether another hath put himself in a state of war with me, and whether I may, as Jephtha did, appeal to heaven in it? of that I myself can only be judge in my own conscience, as I will answer it, at the great day, to the supreme judge of all men.
Sect. . THE natural liberty of man is to be free from any superior power on earth, and not to be under the will or legislative authority of man, but to have only the law of nature for his rule. The liberty of man, in society, is to be under no other legislative power, but that established, by consent, in the commonwealth nor under the dominion of any will, or restraint of any law, but what that legislative shall enact, according to the trust put in it.
a liberty for every one to do what he lists, to live as he pleases, and not to be tied by any laws but freedom of men under government is, to have a standing rule to live by, common to every one of that society, and made by the legislative power erected in it a liberty to follow my own will in all things, where the rule prescribes not and not to be subject to the inconstant, uncertain, unknown, arbitrary will of another man as freedom of nature is, to be under no other restraint but the law of nature.
This freedom from absolute, arbitrary power, is so necessary to, and closely joined with a man's preservation, that he cannot part with it, but by what forfeits his preservation and life together for a man, not having the power of his own life, cannot, by compact, or his own consent, enslave himself to any one, nor put himself under the absolute, arbitrary power of another, to take away his life, when he pleases.
Indeed, having by his fault forfeited his own life, by some act that deserves death he, to whom he has forfeited it, may (when he has him in his power) delay to take it, and make use of him to his own service, and he does him no injury by it for, whenever he finds the hardship of his slavery outweigh the value of his life, it is in his power, by resisting the will of his master, to draw on himself the death he desires.
This is the perfect condition of slavery, which is nothing else, but the state of war continued, between a lawful conqueror and a captive for, if once compact enter between them, and make an agreement for a limited power on the one side, and obedience on the other, the state of war and slavery ceases, as long as the compact endures for, as has been said, no man can, by agreement, pass over to another that which he hath not in himself, a power over his own life.
Whether we consider natural reason, which tells us, that men, being once born, have a right to their preservation, and consequently to meat and drink, and such other things as nature affords for their subsistence or revelation, which gives us an account of those grants God made of the world to Adam, and to Noah, and his sons, it is very clear, that God, as king David says, Psal.
But this being supposed, it seems to some a very great difficulty, how any one should ever come to have a property in any thing I will not content myself to answer, that if it be difficult to make out property, upon a supposition that God gave the world to Adam, and his posterity in common, it is impossible that any man, but one universal monarch, should have any property upon a supposition, that God gave the world to Adam, and his heirs in succession, exclusive of all the rest of his posterity.
But I shall endeavour to shew, how men might come to have a property in several parts of that which God gave to mankind in common, and that without any express compact of all the commoners. Sect. . God, who hath given the world to men in common, hath also given them reason to make use of it to the best advantage of life, and convenience.
And tho' all the fruits it naturally produces, and beasts it feeds, belong to mankind in common, as they are produced by the spontaneous hand of nature and no body has originally a private dominion, exclusive of the rest of mankind, in any of them, as they are thus in their natural state yet being given for the use of men, there must of necessity be a means to appropriate them some way or other, before they can be of any use, or at all beneficial to any particular man.
The fruit, or venison, which nourishes the wild Indian, who knows no enclosure, and is still a tenant in common, must be his, and so his, i.e. a part of him, that another can no longer have any right to it, before it can do him any good for the support of his life.
Sect. . Though the earth, and all inferior creatures, be common to all men, yet every man has a property in his own person this no body has any right to but himself. The labour of his body, and the work of his hands, we may say, are properly his.
It being by him removed from the common state nature hath placed it in, it hath by this labour something annexed to it, that excludes the common right of other men for this labour being the unquestionable property of the labourer, no man but he can have a right to what that is once joined to, at least where there is enough, and as good, left in common for others.
Sect. . He that is nourished by the acorns he picked up under an oak, or the apples he gathered from the trees in the wood, has certainly appropriated them to himself. No body can deny but the nourishment is his. I ask then, when did they begin to be his?
when he digested? or when he eat? or when he boiled? or when he brought them home? or when he picked them up? and it is plain, if the first gathering made them not his, nothing else could. That labour put a distinction between them and common that added something to them more than nature, the common mother of all, had done and so they became his private right.
And will any one say, he had no right to those acorns or apples, he thus appropriated, because he had not the consent of all mankind to make them his? Was it a robbery thus to assume to himself what belonged to all in common? If such a consent as that was necessary, man had starved, notwithstanding the plenty God had given him.
We see in commons, which remain so by compact, that it is the taking any part of what is common, and removing it out of the state nature leaves it in, which begins the property without which the common is of no use. And the taking of this or that part, does not depend on the express consent of all the commoners.
Thus the grass my horse has bit the turfs my servant has cut and the ore I have digged in any place, where I have a right to them in common with others, become my property, without the assignation or consent of any body. The labour that was mine, removing them out of that common state they were in, hath fixed my property in them.
By making an explicit consent of every commoner, necessary to any one's appropriating to himself any part of what is given in common, children or servants could not cut the meat, which their father or master had provided for them in common, without assigning to every one his peculiar part.
Though the water running in the fountain be every one's, yet who can doubt, but that in the pitcher is his only who drew it out? His labour hath taken it out of the hands of nature, where it was common, and belonged equally to all her children, and hath thereby appropriated it to himself.
And amongst those who are counted the civilized part of mankind, who have made and multiplied positive laws to determine property, this original law of nature, for the beginning of property, in what was before common, still takes place and by virtue thereof, what fish any one catches in the ocean, that great and still remaining common of mankind or what ambergrise any one takes up here, is by the labour that removes it out of that common state nature left it in, made his property, who takes that pains about it.
And even amongst us, the hare that any one is hunting, is thought his who pursues her during the chase for being a beast that is still looked upon as common, and no man's private possession whoever has employed so much labour about any of that kind, as to find and pursue her, has thereby removed her from the state of nature, wherein she was common, and hath begun a property.
Sect. . It will perhaps be objected to this, that if gathering the acorns, or other fruits of the earth, c. makes a right to them, then any one may ingross as much as he will. To which I answer, Not so. The same law of nature, that does by this means give us property, does also bound that property too.
God has given us all things richly,  Tim. vi. . is the voice of reason confirmed by inspiration. But how far has he given it us? To enjoy. As much as any one can make use of to any advantage of life before it spoils, so much he may by his labour fix a property in whatever is beyond this, is more than his share, and belongs to others.
And thus, considering the plenty of natural provisions there was a long time in the world, and the few spenders and to how small a part of that provision the industry of one man could extend itself, and ingross it to the prejudice of others especially keeping within the bounds, set by reason, of what might serve for his use there could be then little room for quarrels or contentions about property so established.
But the chief matter of property being now not the fruits of the earth, and the beasts that subsist on it, but the earth itself as that which takes in and carries with it all the rest I think it is plain, that property in that too is acquired as the former.
As much land as a man tills, plants, improves, cultivates, and can use the product of, so much is his property. He by his labour does, as it were, inclose it from the common. Nor will it invalidate his right, to say every body else has an equal title to it and therefore he cannot appropriate, he cannot inclose, without the consent of all his fellowcommoners, all mankind.
God, when he gave the world in common to all mankind, commanded man also to labour, and the penury of his condition required it of him. God and his reason commanded him to subdue the earth, i.e. improve it for the benefit of life, and therein lay out something upon it that was his own, his labour.
He that in obedience to this command of God, subdued, tilled and sowed any part of it, thereby annexed to it something that was his property, which another had no title to, nor could without injury take from him. Sect. . Nor was this appropriation of any parcel of land, by improving it, any prejudice to any other man, since there was still enough, and as good left and more than the yet unprovided could use.
No body could think himself injured by the drinking of another man, though he took a good draught, who had a whole river of the same water left him to quench his thirst and the case of land and water, where there is enough of both, is perfectly the same.
Sect. . God gave the world to men in common but since he gave it them for their benefit, and the greatest conveniencies of life they were capable to draw from it, it cannot be supposed he meant it should always remain common and uncultivated. He gave it to the use of the industrious and rational, (and labour was to be his title to it) not to the fancy or covetousness of the quarrelsome and contentious.
He that had as good left for his improvement, as was already taken up, needed not complain, ought not to meddle with what was already improved by another's labour if he did, it is plain he desired the benefit of another's pains, which he had no right to, and not the ground which God had given him in common with others to labour on, and whereof there was as good left, as that already possessed, and more than he knew what to do with, or his industry could reach to.
It is true, in land that is common in England, or any other country, where there is plenty of people under government, who have money and commerce, no one can inclose or appropriate any part, without the consent of all his fellowcommoners because this is left common by compact, i.e.
by the law of the land, which is not to be violated. And though it be common, in respect of some men, it is not so to all mankind but is the joint property of this country, or this parish. Besides, the remainder, after such enclosure, would not be as good to the rest of the commoners, as the whole was when they could all make use of the whole whereas in the beginning and first peopling of the great common of the world, it was quite otherwise.
The law man was under, was rather for appropriating. God commanded, and his wants forced him to labour. That was his property which could not be taken from him whereever he had fixed it. And hence subduing or cultivating the earth, and having dominion, we see are joined together. The one gave title to the other.
The measure of property nature has well set by the extent of men's labour and the conveniencies of life no man's labour could subdue, or appropriate all nor could his enjoyment consume more than a small part so that it was impossible for any man, this way, to intrench upon the right of another, or acquire to himself a property, to the prejudice of his neighbour, who would still have room for as good, and as large a possession (after the other had taken out his) as before it was appropriated.
This measure did confine every man's possession to a very moderate proportion, and such as he might appropriate to himself, without injury to any body, in the first ages of the world, when men were more in danger to be lost, by wandering from their company, in the then vast wilderness of the earth, than to be straitened for want of room to plant in.
Nay, the extent of ground is of so little value, without labour, that I have heard it affirmed, that in Spain itself a man may be permitted to plough, sow and reap, without being disturbed, upon land he has no other title to, but only his making use of it.
To which let me add, that he who appropriates land to himself by his labour, does not lessen, but increase the common stock of mankind for the provisions serving to the support of human life, produced by one acre of inclosed and cultivated land, are (to speak much within compass) ten times more than those which are yielded by an acre of land of an equal richness lying waste in common.
And therefore he that incloses land, and has a greater plenty of the conveniencies of life from ten acres, than he could have from an hundred left to nature, may truly be said to give ninety acres to mankind for his labour now supplies him with provisions out of ten acres, which were but the product of an hundred lying in common.
I have here rated the improved land very low, in making its product but as ten to one, when it is much nearer an hundred to one for I ask, whether in the wild woods and uncultivated waste of America, left to nature, without any improvement, tillage or husbandry, a thousand acres yield the needy and wretched inhabitants as many conveniencies of life, as ten acres of equally fertile land do in Devonshire, where they are well cultivated?
Sect. . The same measures governed the possession of land too whatsoever he tilled and reaped, laid up and made use of, before it spoiled, that was his peculiar right whatsoever he enclosed, and could feed, and make use of, the cattle and product was also his. But if either the grass of his enclosure rotted on the ground, or the fruit of his planting perished without gathering, and laying up, this part of the earth, notwithstanding his enclosure, was still to be looked on as waste, and might be the possession of any other.
Whence it is plain, that at least a great part of the land lay in common that the inhabitants valued it not, nor claimed property in any more than they made use of. But when there was not room enough in the same place, for their herds to feed together, they by consent, as Abraham and Lot did, Gen.
And thus, without supposing any private dominion, and property in Adam, over all the world, exclusive of all other men, which can no way be proved, nor any one's property be made out from it but supposing the world given, as it was, to the children of men in common, we see how labour could make men distinct titles to several parcels of it, for their private uses wherein there could be no doubt of right, no room for quarrel.
Nor is it so strange, as perhaps before consideration it may appear, that the property of labour should be able to overbalance the community of land for it is labour indeed that puts the difference of value on every thing and let any one consider what the difference is between an acre of land planted with tobacco or sugar, sown with wheat or barley, and an acre of the same land lying in common, without any husbandry upon it, and he will find, that the improvement of labour makes the far greater part of the value.
I think it will be but a very modest computation to say, that of the products of the earth useful to the life of man nine tenths are the effects of labour nay, if we will rightly estimate things as they come to our use, and cast up the several expences about them, what in them is purely owing to nature, and what to labour, we shall find, that in most of them ninetynine hundredths are wholly to be put on the account of labour.
a fruitful soil, apt to produce in abundance, what might serve for food, raiment, and delight yet for want of improving it by labour, have not one hundredth part of the conveniencies we enjoy and a king of a large and fruitful territory there, feeds, lodges, and is clad worse than a daylabourer in England.
This shews how much numbers of men are to be preferred to largeness of dominions and that the increase of lands, and the right employing of them, is the great art of government and that prince, who shall be so wise and godlike, as by established laws of liberty to secure protection and encouragement to the honest industry of mankind, against the oppression of power and narrowness of party, will quickly be too hard for his neighbours but this by the by.
To return to the argument in hand. Sect. . An acre of land, that bears here twenty bushels of wheat, and another in America, which, with the same husbandry, would do the like, are, without doubt, of the same natural intrinsic value but yet the benefit mankind receives from the one in a year, is worth l.
It would be a strange catalogue of things, that industry provided and made use of, about every loaf of bread, before it came to our use, if we could trace them iron, wood, leather, bark, timber, stone, bricks, coals, lime, cloth, dying drugs, pitch, tar, masts, ropes, and all the materials made use of in the ship, that brought any of the commodities made use of by any of the workmen, to any part of the work all which it would be almost impossible, at least too long, to reckon up.
From all which it is evident, that though the things of nature are given in common, yet man, by being master of himself, and proprietor of his own person, and the actions or labour of it, had still in himself the great foundation of property and that, which made up the great part of what he applied to the support or comfort of his being, when invention and arts had improved the conveniencies of life, was perfectly his own, and did not belong in common to others.
The greatest part of things really useful to the life of man, and such as the necessity of subsisting made the first commoners of the world look after, as it doth the Americans now, are generally things of short duration such as, if they are not consumed by use, will decay and perish of themselves gold, silver and diamonds, are things that fancy or agreement hath put the value on, more than real use, and the necessary support of life.
Now of those good things which nature hath provided in common, every one had a right (as hath been said) to as much as he could use, and property in all that he could effect with his labour all that his industry could extend to, to alter from the state nature had put it in, was his.
He that gathered a hundred bushels of acorns or apples, had thereby a property in them, they were his goods as soon as gathered. He was only to look, that he used them before they spoiled, else he took more than his share, and robbed others. And indeed it was a foolish thing, as well as dishonest, to hoard up more than he could make use of.
And if he also bartered away plums, that would have rotted in a week, for nuts that would last good for his eating a whole year, he did no injury he wasted not the common stock destroyed no part of the portion of goods that belonged to others, so long as nothing perished uselesly in his hands.
Again, if he would give his nuts for a piece of metal, pleased with its colour or exchange his sheep for shells, or wool for a sparkling pebble or a diamond, and keep those by him all his life he invaded not the right of others, he might heap up as much of these durable things as he pleased the exceeding of the bounds of his just property not lying in the largeness of his possession, but the perishing of any thing uselesly in it.
Where there is not some thing, both lasting and scarce, and so valuable to be hoarded up, there men will not be apt to enlarge their possessions of land, were it never so rich, never so free for them to take for I ask, what would a man value ten thousand, or an hundred thousand acres of excellent land, ready cultivated, and well stocked too with cattle, in the middle of the inland parts of America, where he had no hopes of commerce with other parts of the world, to draw money to him by the sale of the product?
It would not be worth the enclosing, and we should see him give up again to the wild common of nature, whatever was more than would supply the conveniencies of life to be had there for him and his family. Sect. . Thus in the beginning all the world was America, and more so than that is now for no such thing as money was any where known.
This partage of things in an inequality of private possessions, men have made practicable out of the bounds of society, and without compact, only by putting a value on gold and silver, and tacitly agreeing in the use of money for in governments, the laws regulate the right of property, and the possession of land is determined by positive constitutions.
Sect. . And thus, I think, it is very easy to conceive, without any difficulty, how labour could at first begin a title of property in the common things of nature, and how the spending it upon our uses bounded it. So that there could then be no reason of quarrelling about title, nor any doubt about the largeness of possession it gave.
Right and conveniency went together for as a man had a right to all he could employ his labour upon, so he had no temptation to labour for more than he could make use of. This left no room for controversy about the title, nor for encroachment on the right of others what portion a man carved to himself, was easily seen and it was useless, as well as dishonest, to carve himself too much, or take more than he needed.
IT may perhaps be censured as an impertinent criticism, in a discourse of this nature, to find fault with words and names, that have obtained in the world and yet possibly it may not be amiss to offer new ones, when the old are apt to lead men into mistakes, as this of paternal power probably has done, which seems so to place the power of parents over their children wholly in the father, as if the mother had no share in it whereas, if we consult reason or revelation, we shall find, she hath an equal title.
This may give one reason to ask, whether this might not be more properly called parental power? for whatever obligation nature and the right of generation lays on children, it must certainly bind them equal to both the concurrent causes of it. And accordingly we see the positive law of God every where joins them together, without distinction, when it commands the obedience of children, Honour thy father and thy mother, Exod.
Sect. . Children, I confess, are not born in this full state of equality, though they are born to it. Their parents have a sort of rule and jurisdiction over them, when they come into the world, and for some time after but it is but a temporary one. The bonds of this subjection are like the swaddling clothes they are wrapt up in, and supported by, in the weakness of their infancy age and reason as they grow up, loosen them, till at length they drop quite off, and leave a man at his own free disposal.
Adam was created a perfect man, his body and mind in full possession of their strength and reason, and so was capable, from the first instant of his being to provide for his own support and preservation, and govern his actions according to the dictates of the law of reason which God had implanted in him.
From him the world is peopled with his descendants, who are all born infants, weak and helpless, without knowledge or understanding but to supply the defects of this imperfect state, till the improvement of growth and age hath removed them, Adam and Eve, and after them all parents were, by the law of nature, under an obligation to preserve, nourish, and educate the children they had begotten not as their own workmanship, but the workmanship of their own maker, the Almighty, to whom they were to be accountable for them.
To inform the mind, and govern the actions of their yet ignorant nonage, till reason shall take its place, and ease them of that trouble, is what the children want, and the parents are bound to for God having given man an understanding to direct his actions, has allowed him a freedom of will, and liberty of acting, as properly belonging thereunto, within the bounds of that law he is under.
But whilst he is in an estate, wherein he has not understanding of his own to direct his will, he is not to have any will of his own to follow he that understands for him, must will for him too he must prescribe to his will, and regulate his actions but when he comes to the estate that made his father a freeman, the son is a freeman too.
Sect. . This holds in all the laws a man is under, whether natural or civil. Is a man under the law of nature? What made him free of that law? what gave him a free disposing of his property, according to his own will, within the compass of that law?
When he has acquired that state, he is presumed to know how far that law is to be his guide, and how far he may make use of his freedom, and so comes to have it till then, some body else must guide him, who is presumed to know how far the law allows a liberty.
If such a state of reason, such an age of discretion made him free, the same shall make his son free too. Is a man under the law of England? What made him free of that law? that is, to have the liberty to dispose of his actions and possessions according to his own will, within the permission of that law?
A capacity of knowing that law which is supposed by that law, at the age of one and twenty years, and in some cases sooner. If this made the father free, it shall make the son free too. Till then we see the law allows the son to have no will, but he is to be guided by the will of his father or guardian, who is to understand for him.
And if the father die, and fail to substitute a deputy in his trust if he hath not provided a tutor, to govern his son, during his minority, during his want of understanding, the law takes care to do it some other must govern him, and be a will to him, till he hath attained to a state of freedom, and his understanding be fit to take the government of his will.
But after that, the father and son are equally free as much as tutor and pupil after nonage equally subjects of the same law together, without any dominion left in the father over the life, liberty, or estate of his son, whether they be only in the state and under the law of nature, or under the positive laws of an established government.
But if, through defects that may happen out of the ordinary course of nature, any one comes not to such a degree of reason, wherein he might be supposed capable of knowing the law, and so living within the rules of it, he is never capable of being a free man, he is never let loose to the disposure of his own will (because he knows no bounds to it, has not understanding, its proper guide) but is continued under the tuition and government of others, all the time his own understanding is uncapable of that charge.
And so lunatics and ideots are never set free from the government of their parents children, who are not as yet come unto those years whereat they may have and innocents which are excluded by a natural defect from ever having thirdly, madmen, which for the present cannot possibly have the use of right reason to guide themselves, have for their guide, the reason that guideth other men which are tutors over them, to seek and procure their good for them, says Hooker, Eccl.
Pol. lib. i. sec. . All which seems no more than that duty, which God and nature has laid on man, as well as other creatures, to preserve their offspring, till they can be able to shift for themselves, and will scarce amount to an instance or proof of parents regal authority.
Sect. . Thus we are born free, as we are born rational not that we have actually the exercise of either age, that brings one, brings with it the other too. And thus we see how natural freedom and subjection to parents may consist together, and are both founded on the same principle.
The necessities of his life, the health of his body, and the information of his mind, would require him to be directed by the will of others, and not his own and yet will any one think, that this restraint and subjection were inconsistent with, or spoiled him of that liberty or sovereignty he had a right to, or gave away his empire to those who had the government of his nonage?
This government over him only prepared him the better and sooner for it. If any body should ask me, when my son is of age to be free? I shall answer, just when his monarch is of age to govern. But at what time, says the judicious Hooker, Eccl. Pol.
a man may be said to have attained so far forth the use of reason, as sufficeth to make him capable of those laws whereby he is then bound to guide his actions this is a great deal more easy for sense to discern, than for any one by skill and learning to determine.
Sect. . Commonwealths themselves take notice of, and allow, that there is a time when men are to begin to act like free men, and therefore till that time require not oaths of fealty, or allegiance, or other public owning of, or submission to the government of their countries. Sect.
The freedom then of man, and liberty of acting according to his own will, is grounded on his having reason, which is able to instruct him in that law he is to govern himself by, and make him know how far he is left to the freedom of his own will.
To turn him loose to an unrestrained liberty, before he has reason to guide him, is not the allowing him the privilege of his nature to be free but to thrust him out amongst brutes, and abandon him to a state as wretched, and as much beneath that of a man, as their's.
God hath made it their business to employ this care on their offspring, and hath placed in them suitable inclinations of tenderness and concern to temper this power, to apply it, as his wisdom designed it, to the children's good, as long as they should need to be under it.
But what reason can hence advance this care of the parents due to their offspring into an absolute arbitrary dominion of the father, whose power reaches no farther, than by such a discipline, as he finds most effectual, to give such strength and health to their bodies, such vigour and rectitude to their minds, as may best fit his children to be most useful to themselves and others and, if it be necessary to his condition, to make them work, when they are able, for their own subsistence.
Nay, this power so little belongs to the father by any peculiar right of nature, but only as he is guardian of his children, that when he quits his care of them, he loses his power over them, which goes along with their nourishment and education, to which it is inseparably annexed and it belongs as much to the fosterfather of an exposed child, as to the natural father of another.
So little power does the bare act of begetting give a man over his issue if all his care ends there, and this be all the title he hath to the name and authority of a father. And what will become of this paternal power in that part of the world, where one woman hath more than one husband at a time?
or in those parts of America, where, when the husband and wife part, which happens frequently, the children are all left to the mother, follow her, and are wholly under her care and provision? If the father die whilst the children are young, do they not naturally every where owe the same obedience to their mother, during their minority, as to their father were he alive?
and will any one say, that the mother hath a legislative power over her children? that she can make standing rules, which shall be of perpetual obligation, by which they ought to regulate all the concerns of their property, and bound their liberty all the course of their lives? or can she inforce the observation of them with capital punishments?
His command over his children is but temporary, and reaches not their life or property it is but a help to the weakness and imperfection of their nonage, a discipline necessary to their education and though a father may dispose of his own possessions as he pleases, when his children are out of danger of perishing for want, yet his power extends not to the lives or goods, which either their own industry, or another's bounty has made their's nor to their liberty neither, when they are once arrived to the infranchisement of the years of discretion.
The father's empire then ceases, and he can from thence forwards no more dispose of the liberty of his son, than that of any other man and it must be far from an absolute or perpetual jurisdiction, from which a man may withdraw himself, having license from divine authority to leave father and mother, and cleave to his wife.
But though there be a time when a child comes to be as free from subjection to the will and command of his father, as the father himself is free from subjection to the will of any body else, and they are each under no other restraint, but that which is common to them both, whether it be the law of nature, or municipal law of their country yet this freedom exempts not a son from that honour which he ought, by the law of God and nature, to pay his parents.
But this is very far from giving parents a power of command over their children, or an authority to make laws and dispose as they please of their lives or liberties. It is one thing to owe honour, respect, gratitude and assistance another to require an absolute obedience and submission.
The subjection of a minor places in the father a temporary government, which terminates with the minority of the child and the honour due from a child, places in the parents a perpetual right to respect, reverence, support and compliance too, more or less, as the father's care, cost, and kindness in his education, has been more or less.
that which the father hath in the right of tuition, during minority, and the right of honour all his life, may perhaps have caused a great part of the mistakes about this matter for to speak properly of them, the first of these is rather the privilege of children, and duty of parents, than any prerogative of paternal power.
The nourishment and education of their children is a charge so incumbent on parents for their children's good, that nothing can absolve them from taking care of it and though the power of commanding and chastising them go along with it, yet God hath woven into the principles of human nature such a tenderness for their offspring, that there is little fear that parents should use their power with too much rigour the excess is seldom on the severe side, the strong byass of nature drawing the other way.
And therefore God almighty when he would express his gentle dealing with the Israelites, he tells them, that though he chastened them, he chastened them as a man chastens his son, Deut. viii. . i.e. with tenderness and affection, and kept them under no severer discipline than what was absolutely best for them, and had been less kindness to have slackened.
This is that power to which children are commanded obedience, that the pains and care of their parents may not be increased, or ill rewarded. Sect. . On the other side, honour and support, all that which gratitude requires to return for the benefits received by and from them, is the indispensable duty of the child, and the proper privilege of the parents.
This is intended for the parents advantage, as the other is for the child's though education, the parents duty, seems to have most power, because the ignorance and infirmities of childhood stand in need of restraint and correction which is a visible exercise of rule, and a kind of dominion.
And that duty which is comprehended in the word honour, requires less obedience, though the obligation be stronger on grown, than younger children for who can think the command, Children obey your parents, requires in a man, that has children of his own, the same submission to his father, as it does in his yet young children to him and that by this precept he were bound to obey all his father's commands, if, out of a conceit of authority, he should have the indiscretion to treat him still as a boy?
The first part then of paternal power, or rather duty, which is education, belongs so to the father, that it terminates at a certain season when the business of education is over, it ceases of itself, and is also alienable before for a man may put the tuition of his son in other hands and he that has made his son an apprentice to another, has discharged him, during that time, of a great part of his obedience both to himself and to his mother.
But all the duty of honour, the other part, remains never the less entire to them nothing can cancel that it is so inseparable from them both, that the father's authority cannot dispossess the mother of this right, nor can any man discharge his son from honouring her that bore him.
The power of commanding ends with nonage and though, after that, honour and respect, support and defence, and whatsoever gratitude can oblige a man to, for the highest benefits he is naturally capable of, be always due from a son to his parents yet all this puts no scepter into the father's hand, no sovereign power of commanding.
A man may owe honour and respect to an ancient, or wise man defence to his child or friend relief and support to the distressed and gratitude to a benefactor, to such a degree, that all he has, all he can do, cannot sufficiently pay it but all these give no authority, no right to any one, of making laws over him from whom they are owing.
And it is plain, all this is due not only to the bare title of father not only because, as has been said, it is owing to the mother too but because these obligations to parents, and the degrees of what is required of children, may be varied by the different care and kindness, trouble and expence, which is often employed upon one child more than another.
Sect. . This shews the reason how it comes to pass, that parents in societies, where they themselves are subjects, retain a power over their children, and have as much right to their subjection, as those who are in the state of nature. Which could not possibly be, if all political power were only paternal, and that in truth they were one and the same thing for then, all paternal power being in the prince, the subject could naturally have none of it.
But these two powers, political and paternal, are so perfectly distinct and separate are built upon so different foundations, and given to so different ends, that every subject that is a father, has as much a paternal power over his children, as the prince has over his and every prince, that has parents, owes them as much filial duty and obedience, as the meanest of his subjects do to their's and can therefore contain not any part or degree of that kind of dominion, which a prince or magistrate has over his subject.
And this is the power men generally have to bestow their estates on those who please them best the possession of the father being the expectation and inheritance of the children, ordinarily in certain proportions, according to the law and custom of each country yet it is commonly in the father's power to bestow it with a more sparing or liberal hand, according as the behaviour of this or that child hath comported with his will and humour.
To conclude then, tho' the father's power of commanding extends no farther than the minority of his children, and to a degree only fit for the discipline and government of that age and tho' that honour and respect, and all that which the Latins called piety, which they indispensably owe to their parents all their lifetime, and in all estates, with all that support and defence is due to them, gives the father no power of governing, i.e.
(It is no improbable opinion therefore, which the archphilosopher was of, that the chief person in every houshold was always, as it were, a king so when numbers of housholds joined themselves in civil societies together, kings were the first kind of governors amongst them, which is also, as it seemeth, the reason why the name of fathers continued still in them, who, of fathers, were made rulers as also the ancient custom of governors to do as Melchizedec, and being kings, to exercise the office of priests, which fathers did at the first, grew perhaps by the same occasion.
The inconveniences of one kind have caused sundry others to be devised so that in a word, all public regiment, of what kind soever, seemeth evidently to have risen from the deliberate advice, consultation and composition between men, judging it convenient and behoveful there being no impossibility in nature considered by itself, but that man might have lived without any public regiment, Hooker's Eccl.
Pol. lib. i. sect. .) Sect. . Thus it was easy, and almost natural for children, by a tacit, and scarce avoidable consent, to make way for the father's authority and government. They had been accustomed in their childhood to follow his direction, and to refer their little differences to him, and when they were men, who fitter to rule them?
It is no wonder that they made no distinction betwixt minority and full age nor looked after one and twenty, or any other age that might make them the free disposers of themselves and fortunes, when they could have no desire to be out of their pupilage the government they had been under, during it, continued still to be more their protection than restraint and they could no where find a greater security to their peace, liberties, and fortunes, than in the rule of a father.
Thus the natural fathers of families, by an insensible change, became the politic monarchs of them too and as they chanced to live long, and leave able and worthy heirs, for several successions, or otherwise so they laid the foundations of hereditary, or elective kingdoms, under several constitutions and manners, according as chance, contrivance, or occasions happened to mould them.
But if princes have their titles in their fathers right, and it be a sufficient proof of the natural right of fathers to political authority, because they commonly were those in whose hands we find, de facto, the exercise of government I say, if this argument be good, it will as strongly prove, that all princes, nay princes only, ought to be priests, since it is as certain, that in the beginning, the father of the family was priest, as that he was ruler in his own houshold.
GOD having made man such a creature, that in his own judgment, it was not good for him to be alone, put him under strong obligations of necessity, convenience, and inclination to drive him into society, as well as fitted him with understanding and language to continue and enjoy it.
The first society was between man and wife, which gave beginning to that between parents and children to which, in time, that between master and servant came to be added and though all these might, and commonly did meet together, and make up but one family, wherein the master or mistress of it had some sort of rule proper to a family each of these, or all together, came short of political society, as we shall see, if we consider the different ends, ties, and bounds of each of these.
Conjugal society is made by a voluntary compact between man and woman and tho' it consist chiefly in such a communion and right in one another's bodies as is necessary to its chief end, procreation yet it draws with it mutual support and assistance, and a communion of interests too, as necessary not only to unite their care and affection, but also necessary to their common offspring, who have a right to be nourished, and maintained by them, till they are able to provide for themselves.
For the end of conjunction, between male and female, being not barely procreation, but the continuation of the species this conjunction betwixt male and female ought to last, even after procreation, so long as is necessary to the nourishment and support of the young ones, who are to be sustained by those that got them, till they are able to shift and provide for themselves.
In those viviparous animals which feed on grass, the conjunction between male and female lasts no longer than the very act of copulation because the teat of the dam being sufficient to nourish the young, till it be able to feed on grass, the male only begets, but concerns not himself for the female or young, to whose sustenance he can contribute nothing.
But in beasts of prey the conjunction lasts longer because the dam not being able well to subsist herself, and nourish her numerous offspring by her own prey alone, a more laborious, as well as more dangerous way of living, than by feeding on grass, the assistance of the male is necessary to the maintenance of their common family, which cannot subsist till they are able to prey for themselves, but by the joint care of male and female.
The same is to be observed in all birds, (except some domestic ones, where plenty of food excuses the cock from feeding, and taking care of the young brood) whose young needing food in the nest, the cock and hen continue mates, till the young are able to use their wing, and provide for themselves.
Wherein one cannot but admire the wisdom of the great Creator, who having given to man foresight, and an ability to lay up for the future, as well as to supply the present necessity, hath made it necessary, that society of man and wife should be more lasting, than of male and female amongst other creatures that so their industry might be encouraged, and their interest better united, to make provision and lay up goods for their common issue, which uncertain mixture, or easy and frequent solutions of conjugal society would mightily disturb.
Sect. . But the husband and wife, though they have but one common concern, yet having different understandings, will unavoidably sometimes have different wills too it therefore being necessary that the last determination, i. e. the rule, should be placed somewhere it naturally falls to the man's share, as the abler and the stronger.
Sect. . For all the ends of marriage being to be obtained under politic government, as well as in the state of nature, the civil magistrate doth not abridge the right or power of either naturally necessary to those ends, viz. procreation and mutual support and assistance whilst they are together but only decides any controversy that may arise between man and wife about them.
If it were otherwise, and that absolute sovereignty and power of life and death naturally belonged to the husband, and were necessary to the society between man and wife, there could be no matrimony in any of those countries where the husband is allowed no such absolute authority. But the ends of matrimony requiring no such power in the husband, the condition of conjugal society put it not in him, it being not at all necessary to that state.
Conjugal society could subsist and attain its ends without it nay, community of goods, and the power over them, mutual assistance and maintenance, and other things belonging to conjugal society, might be varied and regulated by that contract which unites man and wife in that society, as far as may consist with procreation and the bringing up of children till they could shift for themselves nothing being necessary to any society, that is not necessary to the ends for which it is made.
Sect. . The society betwixt parents and children, and the distinct rights and powers belonging respectively to them, I have treated of so largely, in the foregoing chapter, that I shall not here need to say any thing of it. And I think it is plain, that it is far different from a politic society.
Master and servant are names as old as history, but given to those of far different condition for a freeman makes himself a servant to another, by selling him, for a certain time, the service he undertakes to do, in exchange for wages he is to receive and though this commonly puts him into the family of his master, and under the ordinary discipline thereof yet it gives the master but a temporary power over him, and no greater than what is contained in the contract between them.
These men having, as I say, forfeited their lives, and with it their liberties, and lost their estates and being in the state of slavery, not capable of any property, cannot in that state be considered as any part of civil society the chief end whereof is the preservation of property.
And he certainly can have no absolute power over the whole family, who has but a very limited one over every individual in it. But how a family, or any other society of men, differ from that which is properly political society, we shall best see, by considering wherein political society itself consists.
But because no political society can be, nor subsist, without having in itself the power to preserve the property, and in order thereunto, punish the offences of all those of that society there, and there only is political society, where every one of the members hath quitted this natural power, resigned it up into the hands of the community in all cases that exclude him not from appealing for protection to the law established by it.
And thus all private judgment of every particular member being excluded, the community comes to be umpire, by settled standing rules, indifferent, and the same to all parties and by men having authority from the community, for the execution of those rules, decides all the differences that may happen between any members of that society concerning any matter of right and punishes those offences which any member hath committed against the society, with such penalties as the law has established whereby it is easy to discern, who are, and who are not, in political society together.
Those who are united into one body, and have a common established law and judicature to appeal to, with authority to decide controversies between them, and punish offenders, are in civil society one with another but those who have no such common appeal, I mean on earth, are still in the state of nature, each being, where there is no other, judge for himself, and executioner which is, as I have before shewed it, the perfect state of nature.
And thus the commonwealth comes by a power to set down what punishment shall belong to the several transgressions which they think worthy of it, committed amongst the members of that society, (which is the power of making laws) as well as it has the power to punish any injury done unto any of its members, by any one that is not of it, (which is the power of war and peace) and all this for the preservation of the property of all the members of that society, as far as is possible.
And herein we have the original of the legislative and executive power of civil society, which is to judge by standing laws, how far offences are to be punished, when committed within the commonwealth and also to determine, by occasional judgments founded on the present circumstances of the fact, how far injuries from without are to be vindicated and in both these to employ all the force of all the members, when there shall be need.
And this is done, whereever any number of men, in the state of nature, enter into society to make one people, one body politic, under one supreme government or else when any one joins himself to, and incorporates with any government already made for hereby he authorizes the society, or which is all one, the legislative thereof, to make laws for him, as the public good of the society shall require to the execution whereof, his own assistance (as to his own decrees) is due.
And this puts men out of a state of nature into that of a commonwealth, by setting up a judge on earth, with authority to determine all the controversies, and redress the injuries that may happen to any member of the commonwealth which judge is the legislative, or magistrates appointed by it.
(The public power of all society is above every soul contained in the same society and the principal use of that power is, to give laws unto all that are under it, which laws in such cases we must obey, unless there be reason shewed which may necessarily inforce, that the law of reason, or of God, doth enjoin the contrary, Hook.
such as attend men in the state of nature, there was no way but only by growing into composition and agreement amongst themselves, by ordaining some kind of govemment public, and by yielding themselves subject thereunto, that unto whom they granted authority to rule and govem, by them the peace, tranquillity and happy estate of the rest might be procured.
Men always knew that where force and injury was offered, they might be defenders of themselves they knew that however men may seek their own commodity, yet if this were done with injury unto others, it was not to be suffered, but by all men, and all good means to be withstood.
Finally, they knew that no man might in reason take upon him to determine his own right, and according to his own determination proceed in maintenance thereof, in as much as every man is towards himself, and them whom he greatly affects, partial and therefore that strifes and troubles would be endless, except they gave their common consent, all to be ordered by some, whom they should agree upon, without which consent there would be no reason that one man should take upon him to be lord or judge over another, Hooker's Eccl.
Sect. . In absolute monarchies indeed, as well as other governments of the world, the subjects have an appeal to the law, and judges to decide any controversies, and restrain any violence that may happen betwixt the subjects themselves, one amongst another. This every one thinks necessary, and believes he deserves to be thought a declared enemy to society and mankind, who should go about to take it away.
Betwixt subject and subject, they will grant, there must be measures, laws and judges, for their mutual peace and security but as for the ruler, he ought to be absolute, and is above all such circumstances because he has power to do more hurt and wrong, it is right when he does it.
To ask how you may be guarded from harm, or injury, on that side where the strongest hand is to do it, is presently the voice of faction and rebellion as if when men quitting the state of nature entered into society, they agreed that all of them but one, should be under the restraint of laws, but that he should still retain all the liberty of the state of nature, increased with power, and made licentious by impunity.
By which means every single person became subject, equally with other the meanest men, to those laws, which he himself, as part of the legislative, had established nor could any one, by his own authority avoid the force of the law, when once made nor by any pretence of superiority plead exemption, thereby to license his own, or the miscarriages of any of his dependents.
No man in civil society can be exempted from the laws of it for if any man may do what he thinks fit, and there be no appeal on earth, for redress or security against any harm he shall do I ask, whether he be not perfectly still in the state of nature, and so can be no part or member of that civil society unless any one will say, the state of nature and civil society are one and the same thing, which I have never yet found any one so great a patron of anarchy as to affirm.
(At the first, when some certain kind of regiment was once appointed, it may be that nothing was then farther thought upon for the manner of goveming, but all permitted unto their wisdom and discretion, which were to rule, till by experience they found this for all parts very inconvenient, so as the thing which they had devised for a remedy, did indeed but increase the sore, which it should have cured.
They saw, that to live by one man's will, became the cause of all men's misery. This constrained them to come unto laws, wherein all men might see their duty beforehand, and know the penalties of transgressing them. Hooker's Eccl. Pol. l. i. sect. .) (Civil law being the act of the whole body politic, doth therefore overrule each several part of the same body.
The only way whereby any one divests himself of his natural liberty, and puts on the bonds of civil society, is by agreeing with other men to join and unite into a community for their comfortable, safe, and peaceable living one amongst another, in a secure enjoyment of their properties, and a greater security against any, that are not of it.
This any number of men may do, because it injures not the freedom of the rest they are left as they were in the liberty of the state of nature. When any number of men have so consented to make one community or government, they are thereby presently incorporated, and make one body politic, wherein the majority have a right to act and conclude the rest.
And therefore we see, that in assemblies, impowered to act by positive laws, where no number is set by that positive law which impowers them, the act of the majority passes for the act of the whole, and of course determines, as having, by the law of nature and reason, the power of the whole.
And thus every man, by consenting with others to make one body politic under one government, puts himself under an obligation, to every one of that society, to submit to the determination of the majority, and to be concluded by it or else this original compact, whereby he with others incorporates into one society, would signify nothing, and be no compact, if he be left free, and under no other ties than he was in before in the state of nature.
For what appearance would there be of any compact? what new engagement if he were no farther tied by any decrees of the society, than he himself thought fit, and did actually consent to? This would be still as great a liberty, as he himself had before his compact, or any one else in the state of nature hath, who may submit himself, and consent to any acts of it if he thinks fit.
For if the consent of the majority shall not, in reason, be received as the act of the whole, and conclude every individual nothing but the consent of every individual can make any thing to be the act of the whole but such a consent is next to impossible ever to be had, if we consider the infirmities of health, and avocations of business, which in a number, though much less than that of a commonwealth, will necessarily keep many away from the public assembly.
Such a constitution as this would make the mighty Leviathan of a shorter duration, than the feeblest creatures, and not let it outlast the day it was born in which cannot be supposed, till we can think, that rational creatures should desire and constitute societies only to be dissolved for where the majority cannot conclude the rest, there they cannot act as one body, and consequently will be immediately dissolved again.
Sect. . Whosoever therefore out of a state of nature unite into a community, must be understood to give up all the power, necessary to the ends for which they unite into society, to the majority of the community, unless they expresly agreed in any number greater than the majority.
And this is done by barely agreeing to unite into one political society, which is all the compact that is, or needs be, between the individuals, that enter into, or make up a commonwealth. And thus that, which begins and actually constitutes any political society, is nothing but the consent of any number of freemen capable of a majority to unite and incorporate into such a society.
And this is that, and that only, which did, or could give beginning to any lawful government in the world. Sect. . To this I find two objections made. First, That there are no instances to be found in story, of a company of men independent, and equal one amongst another, that met together, and in this way began and set up a government.
Secondly, It is impossible of right, that men should do so, because all men being born under government, they are to submit to that, and are not at liberty to begin a new one. Sect. . To the first there is this to answer, That it is not at all to be wondered, that history gives us but a very little account of men, that lived together in the state of nature.
And if we may not suppose men ever to have been in the state of nature, because we hear not much of them in such a state, we may as well suppose the armies of Salmanasser or Xerxes were never children, because we hear little of them, till they were men, and imbodied in armies.
And those that we have, of the beginning of any polities in the world, excepting that of the Jews, where God himself immediately interposed, and which favours not at all paternal dominion, are all either plain instances of such a beginning as I have mentioned, or at least have manifest footsteps of it.
He must shew a strange inclination to deny evident matter of fact, when it agrees not with his hypothesis, who will not allow, that the beginning of Rome and Venice were by the uniting together of several men free and independent one of another, amongst whom there was no natural superiority or subjection.
There are great and apparent conjectures, says he, that these men, speaking of those of Peru, for a long time had neither kings nor commonwealths, but lived in troops, as they do this day in Florida, the Cheriquanas, those of Brazil, and many other nations, which have no certain kings, but as occasion is offered, in peace or war, they choose their captains as they please, .
i. c. . If it be said, that every man there was born subject to his father, or the head of his family that the subjection due from a child to a father took not away his freedom of uniting into what political society he thought fit, has been already proved.
But be that as it will, these men, it is evident, were actually free and whatever superiority some politicians now would place in any of them, they themselves claimed it not, but by consent were all equal, till by the same consent they set rulers over themselves. So that their politic societies all began from a voluntary union, and the mutual agreement of men freely acting in the choice of their governors, and forms of government.
Sect. . And I hope those who went away from Sparta with Palantus, mentioned by Justin, . iii. c. . will be allowed to have been freemen independent one of another, and to have set up a government over themselves, by their own consent. Thus I have given several examples, out of history, of people free and in the state of nature, that being met together incorporated and began a commonwealth.
And if the want of such instances be an argument to prove that government were not, nor could not be so begun, I suppose the contenders for paternal empire were better let it alone, than urge it against natural liberty for if they can give so many instances, out of history, of governments begun upon paternal right, I think (though at best an argument from what has been, to what should of right be, has no great force) one might, without any great danger, yield them the cause.
But if I might advise them in the case, they would do well not to search too much into the original of governments, as they have begun de facto, lest they should find, at the foundation of most of them, something very little favourable to the design they promote, and such a power as they contend for.
But to conclude, reason being plain on our side, that men are naturally free, and the examples of history shewing, that the governments of the world, that were begun in peace, had their beginning laid on that foundation, and were made by the consent of the people there can be little room for doubt, either where the right is, or what has been the opinion, or practice of mankind, about the first erecting of governments.
If therefore they must have one to rule them, as government is hardly to be avoided amongst men that live together who so likely to be the man as he that was their common father unless negligence, cruelty, or any other defect of mind or body made him unfit for it?
But when either the father died, and left his next heir, for want of age, wisdom, courage, or any other qualities, less fit for rule or where several families met, and consented to continue together there, it is not to be doubted, but they used their natural freedom, to set up him, whom they judged the ablest, and most likely, to rule well over them.
Conformable hereunto we find the people of America, who (living out of the reach of the conquering swords, and spreading domination of the two great empires of Peru and Mexico) enjoyed their own natural freedom, though, caeteris paribus, they commonly prefer the heir of their deceased king yet if they find him any way weak, or uncapable, they pass him by, and set up the stoutest and bravest man for their ruler.
Sect. . Thus, though looking back as far as records give us any account of peopling the world, and the history of nations, we commonly find the government to be in one hand yet it destroys not that which I affirm, viz. that the beginning of politic society depends upon the consent of the individuals, to join into, and make one society who, when they are thus incorporated, might set up what form of government they thought fit.
First then, in the beginning of things, the father's government of the childhood of those sprung from him, having accustomed them to the rule of one man, and taught them that where it was exercised with care and skill, with affection and love to those under it, it was sufficient to procure and preserve to men all the political happiness they sought for in society.
They had neither felt the oppression of tyrannical dominion, nor did the fashion of the age, nor their possessions, or way of living, (which afforded little matter for covetousness or ambition) give them any reason to apprehend or provide against it and therefore it is no wonder they put themselves into such a frame of government, as was not only, as I said, most obvious and simple, but also best suited to their present state and condition which stood more in need of defence against foreign invasions and injuries, than of multiplicity of laws.
The equality of a simple poor way of living, confining their desires within the narrow bounds of each man's small property, made few controversies, and so no need of many laws to decide them, or variety of officers to superintend the process, or look after the execution of justice, where there were but few trespasses, and few offenders.
Since then those, who like one another so well as to join into society, cannot but be supposed to have some acquaintance and friendship together, and some trust one in another they could not but have greater apprehensions of others, than of one another and therefore their first care and thought cannot but be supposed to be, how to secure themselves against foreign force.
And thus in Israel itself, the chief business of their judges, and first kings, seems to have been to be captains in war, and leaders of their armies which (besides what is signified by going out and in before the people, which was, to march forth to war, and home again in the heads of their forces) appears plainly in the story of Jephtha.
The Ammonites making war upon Israel, the Gileadites in fear send to Jephtha, a bastard of their family whom they had cast off, and article with him, if he will assist them against the Ammonites, to make him their ruler which they do in these words, And the people made him head and captain over them, Judg.
xi, . which was, as it seems, all one as to be judge. And he judged Israel, judg. xii. . that is, was their captaingeneral six years. So when Jotham upbraids the Shechemites with the obligation they had to Gideon, who had been their judge and ruler, he tells them, He fought for you, and adventured his life far, and delivered you out of the hands of Midian, Judg.
ix. . Nothing mentioned of him but what he did as a general and indeed that is all is found in his history, or in any of the rest of the judges. And Abimelech particularly is called king, though at most he was but their general. And when, being weary of the ill conduct of Samuel's sons, the children of Israel desired a king, like all the nations to judge them, and to go out before them, and to fight their battles, I.
Sam viii. . God granting their desire, says to Samuel, I will send thee a man, and thou shalt anoint him to be captain over my people Israel, that he may save my people out of the hands of the Philistines, ix. . As if the only business of a king had been to lead out their armies, and fight in their defence and accordingly at his inauguration pouring a vial of oil upon him, declares to Saul, that the Lord had anointed him to be captain over his inheritance, x.
. And therefore those, who after Saul's being solemnly chosen and saluted king by the tribes at Mispah, were unwilling to have him their king, made no other objection but this, How shall this man save us? v. . as if they should have said, this man is unfit to be our king, not having skill and conduct enough in war, to be able to defend us.
As if the whole kingly authority were nothing else but to be their general and therefore the tribes who had stuck to Saul's family, and opposed David's reign, when they came to Hebron with terms of submission to him, they tell him, amongst other arguments they had to submit to him as to their king, that he was in effect their king in Saul's time, and therefore they had no reason but to receive him as their king now.
(At first, when some certain kind of regiment was once approved, it may be nothing was then farther thought upon for the manner of governing, but all permitted unto their wisdom and discretion which were to rule, till by experience they found this for all parts very inconvenient, so as the thing which they had devised for a remedy, did indeed but increase the sore which it should have cured.
And thus much may suffice to shew, that as far as we have any light from history, we have reason to conclude, that all peaceful beginnings of government have been laid in the consent of the people. I say peaceful, because I shall have occasion in another place to speak of conquest, which some esteem a way of beginning of governments.
The other objection I find urged against the beginning of polities, in the way I have mentioned, is this, viz. Sect. . That all men being born under government, some or other, it is impossible any of them should ever be free, and at liberty to unite together, and begin a new one, or ever be able to erect a lawful government.
And so by this their own principle, either all men, however born, are free, or else there is but one lawful prince, one lawful government in the world. And then they have nothing to do, but barely to shew us which that is which when they have done, I doubt not but all mankind will easily agree to pay obedience to him.
Sect. . Though it be a sufficient answer to their objection, to shew that it involves them in the same difficulties that it doth those they use it against yet I shall endeavour to discover the weakness of this argument a little farther. All men, say they, are born under government, and therefore they cannot be at liberty to begin a new one.
Every one is born a subject to his father, or his prince, and is therefore under the perpetual tie of subjection and allegiance. It is plain mankind never owned nor considered any such natural subjection that they were born in, to one or to the other that tied them, without their own consents, to a subjection to them and their heirs.
For there are no examples so frequent in history, both sacred and profane, as those of men withdrawing themselves, and their obedience, from the jurisdiction they were born under, and the family or community they were bred up in, and setting up new governments in other places from whence sprang all that number of petty commonwealths in the beginning of ages, and which always multiplied, as long as there was room enough, till the stronger, or more fortunate, swallowed the weaker and those great ones again breaking to pieces, dissolved into lesser dominions.
All which are so many testimonies against paternal sovereignty, and plainly prove, that it was not the natural right of the father descending to his heirs, that made governments in the beginning, since it was impossible, upon that ground, there should have been so many little kingdoms all must have been but only one universal monarchy, if men had not been at liberty to separate themselves from their families, and the government, be it what it will, that was set up in it, and go and make distinct commonwealths and other governments, as they thought fit.
And this has generally given the occasion to mistake in this matter because commonwealths not permitting any part of their dominions to be dismembered, nor to be enjoyed by any but those of their community, the son cannot ordinarily enjoy the possessions of his father, but under the same terms his father did, by becoming a member of the society whereby he puts himself presently under the government he finds there established, as much as any other subject of that commonwealth.
And thus the consent of freemen, born under government, which only makes them members of it, being given separately in their turns, as each comes to be of age, and not in a multitude together people take no notice of it, and thinking it not done at all, or not necessary, conclude they are naturally subjects as they are men.
Sect. . But, it is plain, governments themselves understand it otherwise they claim no power over the son, because of that they had over the father nor look on children as being their subjects, by their fathers being so. If a subject of England have a child, by an English woman in France, whose subject is he?
Not the king of England's for he must have leave to be admitted to the privileges of it nor the king of France's for how then has his father a liberty to bring him away, and breed him as he pleases? and who ever was judged as a traytor or deserter, if he left, or warred against a country, for being barely born in it of parents that were aliens there?
He is under his father's tuition and authority, till he comes to age of discretion and then he is a freeman, at liberty what government he will put himself under, what body politic he will unite himself to for if an Englishman's son, born in France, be at liberty, and may do so, it is evident there is no tie upon him by his father's being a subject of this kingdom nor is he bound up by any compact of his ancestors.
And why then hath not his son, by the same reason, the same liberty, though he be born any where else? Since the power that a father hath naturally over his children, is the same, whereever they be born, and the ties of natural obligations, are not bounded by the positive limits of kingdoms and commonwealths.
Every man being, as has been shewed, naturally free, and nothing being able to put him into subjection to any earthly power, but only his own consent it is to be considered, what shall be understood to be a sufficient declaration of a man's consent, to make him subject to the laws of any government.
There is a common distinction of an express and a tacit consent, which will concern our present case. No body doubts but an express consent, of any man entering into any society, makes him a perfect member of that society, a subject of that government. The difficulty is, what ought to be looked upon as a tacit consent, and how far it binds, i.e.
By the same act therefore, whereby any one unites his person, which was before free, to any commonwealth, by the same he unites his possessions, which were before free, to it also and they become, both of them, person and possession, subject to the government and dominion of that commonwealth, as long as it hath a being.
Whoever therefore, from thenceforth, by inheritance, purchase, permission, or otherways, enjoys any part of the land, so annexed to, and under the government of that commonwealth, must take it with the condition it is under that is, of submitting to the government of the commonwealth, under whose jurisdiction it is, as far forth as any subject of it.
But submitting to the laws of any country, living quietly, and enjoying privileges and protection under them, makes not a man a member of that society this is only a local protection and homage due to and from all those, who, not being in a state of war, come within the territories belonging to any government, to all parts whereof the force of its laws extends.
But this no more makes a man a member of that society, a perpetual subject of that commonwealth, than it would make a man a subject to another, in whose family he found it convenient to abide for some time though, whilst he continued in it, he were obliged to comply with the laws, and submit to the government he found there.
And thus we see, that foreigners, by living all their lives under another government, and enjoying the privileges and protection of it, though they are bound, even in conscience, to submit to its administration, as far forth as any denison yet do not thereby come to be subjects or members of that commonwealth.
Nothing can make any man so, but his actually entering into it by positive engagement, and express promise and compact. This is that, which I think, concerning the beginning of political societies, and that consent which makes any one a member of any commonwealth. Sect. . IF man in the state of nature be so free, as has been said if he be absolute lord of his own person and possessions, equal to the greatest, and subject to no body, why will he part with his freedom?
To which it is obvious to answer, that though in the state of nature he hath such a right, yet the enjoyment of it is very uncertain, and constantly exposed to the invasion of others for all being kings as much as he, every man his equal, and the greater part no strict observers of equity and justice, the enjoyment of the property he has in this state is very unsafe, very unsecure.
This makes him willing to quit a condition, which, however free, is full of fears and continual dangers and it is not without reason, that he seeks out, and is willing to join in society with others, who are already united, or have a mind to unite, for the mutual preservation of their lives, liberties and estates, which I call by the general name, property.
First, There wants an established, settled, known law, received and allowed by common consent to be the standard of right and wrong, and the common measure to decide all controversies between them for though the law of nature be plain and intelligible to all rational creatures yet men being biassed by their interest, as well as ignorant for want of study of it, are not apt to allow of it as a law binding to them in the application of it to their particular cases.
Secondly, In the state of nature there wants a known and indifferent judge, with authority to determine all differences according to the established law for every one in that state being both judge and executioner of the law of nature, men being partial to themselves, passion and revenge is very apt to carry them too far, and with too much heat, in their own cases as well as negligence, and unconcernedness, to make them too remiss in other men's.
Thirdly, In the state of nature there often wants power to back and support the sentence when right, and to give it due execution, They who by any injustice offended, will seldom fail, where they are able, by force to make good their injustice such resistance many times makes the punishment dangerous, and frequently destructive, to those who attempt it.
Sect. . Thus mankind, notwithstanding all the privileges of the state of nature, being but in an ill condition, while they remain in it, are quickly driven into society. Hence it comes to pass, that we seldom find any number of men live any time together in this state. The inconveniencies that they are therein exposed to, by the irregular and uncertain exercise of the power every man has of punishing the transgressions of others, make them take sanctuary under the established laws of government, and therein seek the preservation of their property.
It is this makes them so willingly give up every one his single power of punishing, to be exercised by such alone, as shall be appointed to it amongst them and by such rules as the community, or those authorized by them to that purpose, shall agree on. And in this we have the original right and rise of both the legislative and executive power, as well as of the governments and societies themselves.
The first is to do whatsoever he thinks fit for the preservation of himself, and others within the permission of the law of nature by which law, common to them all, he and all the rest of mankind are one community, make up one society, distinct from all other creatures.
And were it not for the corruption and vitiousness of degenerate men, there would be no need of any other no necessity that men should separate from this great and natural community, and by positive agreements combine into smaller and divided associations. The other power a man has in the state of nature, is the power to punish the crimes committed against that law.
of doing whatsoever he thought for the preservation of himself, and the rest of mankind, he gives up to be regulated by laws made by the society, so far forth as the preservation of himself, and the rest of that society shall require which laws of the society in many things confine the liberty he had by the law of nature.
And so whoever has the legislative or supreme power of any commonwealth, is bound to govern by established standing laws, promulgated and known to the people, and not by extemporary decrees by indifferent and upright judges, who are to decide controversies by those laws and to employ the force of the community at home, only in the execution of such laws, or abroad to prevent or redress foreign injuries, and secure the community from inroads and invasion.
THE great end of men's entering into society, being the enjoyment of their properties in peace and safety, and the great instrument and means of that being the laws established in that society the first and fundamental positive law of all commonwealths is the establishing of the legislative power as the first and fundamental natural law, which is to govern even the legislative itself, is the preservation of the society, and (as far as will consist with the public good) of every person in it.
(The lawful power of making laws to command whole politic societies of men, belonging so properly unto the same intire societies, that for any prince or potentate of what kind soever upon earth, to exercise the same of himself, and not by express commission immediately and personally received from God, or else by authority derived at the first from their consent, upon whose persons they impose laws, it is no better than mere tyranny.
Laws they are not therefore which public approbation hath not made so. Hooker's Eccl. Pol. l. i. sect. . Of this point therefore we are to note, that such men naturally have no full and perfect power to command whole politic multitudes of men, therefore utterly without our consent, we could in such sort be at no man's commandment living.
A man, as has been proved, cannot subject himself to the arbitrary power of another and having in the state of nature no arbitrary power over the life, liberty, or possession of another, but only so much as the law of nature gave him for the preservation of himself, and the rest of mankind this is all he doth, or can give up to the commonwealth, and by it to the legislative power, so that the legislative can have no more than this.
Their power, in the utmost bounds of it, is limited to the public good of the society. It is a power, that hath no other end but preservation, and therefore can never have a right to destroy, enslave, or designedly to impoverish the subjects. The obligations of the law of nature cease not in society, but only in many cases are drawn closer, and have by human laws known penalties annexed to them, to inforce their observation.
Thus the law of nature stands as an eternal rule to all men, legislators as well as others. The rules that they make for other men's actions, must, as well as their own and other men's actions, be conformable to the law of nature, i.e. to the will of God, of which that is a declaration, and the fundamental law of nature being the preservation of mankind, no human sanction can be good, or valid against it.
(Two foundations there are which bear up public societies the one a natural inclination, whereby all men desire sociable life and fellowship the other an order, expresly or secretly agreed upon, touching the manner of their union in living together the latter is that which we call the law of a commonweal, the very soul of a politic body, the parts whereof are by law animated, held together, and set on work in such actions as the common good requireth.
Laws politic, ordained for external order and regiment amongst men, are never framed as they should be, unless presuming the will of man to be inwardly obstinate, rebellious, and averse from all obedience to the sacred laws of his nature in a word, unless presuming man to be, in regard of his depraved mind, little better than a wild beast, they do accordingly provide, notwithstanding, so to frame his outward actions, that they be no hindrance unto the common good, for which societies are instituted.
To avoid these inconveniences, which disorder men's propperties in the state of nature, men unite into societies, that they may have the united strength of the whole society to secure and defend their properties, and may have standing rules to bound it, by which every one may know what is his.
To this end it is that men give up all their natural power to the society which they enter into, and the community put the legislative power into such hands as they think fit, with this trust, that they shall be governed by declared laws, or else their peace, quiet, and property will still be at the same uncertainty, as it was in the state of nature.
(Human laws are measures in respect of men whose actions they must direct, howbeit such measures they are as have also their higher rules to be measured by, which rules are two, the law of God, and the law of nature so that laws human must be made according to the general laws of nature, and without contradiction to any positive law of scripture, otherwise they are ill made.
Absolute arbitrary power, or governing without settled standing laws, can neither of them consist with the ends of society and government, which men would not quit the freedom of the state of nature for, and tie themselves up under, were it not to preserve their lives, liberties and fortunes, and by stated rules of right and property to secure their peace and quiet.
It cannot be supposed that they should intend, had they a power so to do, to give to any one, or more, an absolute arbitrary power over their persons and estates, and put a force into the magistrate's hand to execute his unlimited will arbitrarily upon them. This were to put themselves into a worse condition than the state of nature, wherein they had a liberty to defend their right against the injuries of others, and were upon equal terms of force to maintain it, whether invaded by a single man, or many in combination.
Whereas by supposing they have given up themselves to the absolute arbitrary power and will of a legislator, they have disarmed themselves, and armed him, to make a prey of them when he pleases he being in a much worse condition, who is exposed to the arbitrary power of one man, who has the command of ,, than he that is exposed to the arbitrary power of , single men no body being secure, that his will, who has such a command, is better than that of other men, though his force be , times stronger.
Thirdly, The supreme power cannot take from any man any part of his property without his own consent for the preservation of property being the end of government, and that for which men enter into society, it necessarily supposes and requires, that the people should have property, without which they must be supposed to lose that, by entering into society, which was the end for which they entered into it too gross an absurdity for any man to own.
Men therefore in society having property, they have such a right to the goods, which by the law of the community are their's, that no body hath a right to take their substance or any part of it from them, without their own consent without this they have no property at all for I have truly no property in that, which another can by right take from me, when he pleases, against my consent.
Hence it is a mistake to think, that the supreme or legislative power of any commonwealth, can do what it will, and dispose of the estates of the subject arbitrarily, or take any part of them at pleasure. This is not much to be feared in governments where the legislative consists, wholly or in part, in assemblies which are variable, whose members, upon the dissolution of the assembly, are subjects under the common laws of their country, equally with the rest.
But government, into whatsoever hands it is put, being, as I have before shewed, intrusted with this condition, and for this end, that men might have and secure their properties the prince, or senate, however it may have power to make laws, for the regulating of property between the subjects one amongst another, yet can never have a power to take to themselves the whole, or any part of the subjects property, without their own consent for this would be in effect to leave them no property at all.
the preservation of the rest but the disposing of his goods has nothing to do with it. Sect. . It is true, governments cannot be supported without great charge, and it is fit every one who enjoys his share of the protection, should pay out of his estate his proportion for the maintenance of it.
the consent of the majority, giving it either by themselves, or their representatives chosen by them for if any one shall claim a power to lay and levy taxes on the people, by his own authority, and without such consent of the people, he thereby invades the fundamental law of property, and subverts the end of government for what property have I in that, which another may by right take, when he pleases, to himself?
Sect. . Fourthly, The legislative cannot transfer the power of making laws to any other hands for it being but a delegated power from the people, they who have it cannot pass it over to others. The people alone can appoint the form of the commonwealth, which is by constituting the legislative, and appointing in whose hands that shall be.
And when the people have said, We will submit to rules, and be governed by laws made by such men, and in such forms, no body else can say other men shall make laws for them nor can the people be bound by any laws, but such as are enacted by those whom they have chosen, and authorized to make laws for them.
The power of the legislative, being derived from the people by a positive voluntary grant and institution, can be no other than what that positive grant conveyed, which being only to make laws, and not to make legislators, the legislative can have no power to transfer their authority of making laws, and place it in other hands.
Sect. . These are the bounds which the trust, that is put in them by the society, and the law of God and nature, have set to the legislative power of every commonwealth, in all forms of government. First, They are to govern by promulgated established laws, not to be varied in particular cases, but to have one rule for rich and poor, for the favourite at court, and the country man at plough.
Secondly, These laws also ought to be designed for no other end ultimately, but the good of the people. Thirdly, They must not raise taxes on the property of the people, without the consent of the people, given by themselves, or their deputies. And this properly concerns only such governments where the legislative is always in being, or at least where the people have not reserved any part of the legislative to deputies, to be from time to time chosen by themselves.
Fourthly, The legislative neither must nor can transfer the power of making laws to any body else, or place it any where, but where the people have. Sect. . THE legislative power is that, which has a right to direct how the force of the commonwealth shall be employed for preserving the community and the members of it.
But because the laws, that are at once, and in a short time made, have a constant and lasting force, and need a perpetual execution, or an attendance thereunto therefore it is necessary there should be a power always in being, which should see to the execution of the laws that are made, and remain in force.
There is another power in every commonwealth, which one may call natural, because it is that which answers to the power every man naturally had before he entered into society for though in a commonwealth the members of it are distinct persons still in reference to one another, and as such as governed by the laws of the society yet in reference to the rest of mankind, they make one body, which is, as every member of it before was, still in the state of nature with the rest of mankind.
Hence it is, that the controversies that happen between any man of the society with those that are out of it, are managed by the public and an injury done to a member of their body, engages the whole in the reparation of it. So that under this consideration, the whole community is one body in the state of nature, in respect of all other states or persons out of its community.
These two powers, executive and federative, though they be really distinct in themselves, yet one comprehending the execution of the municipal laws of the society within its self, upon all that are parts of it the other the management of the security and interest of the public without, with all those that it may receive benefit or damage from, yet they are always almost united.
And though this federative power in the well or ill management of it be of great moment to the commonwealth, yet it is much less capable to be directed by antecedent, standing, positive laws, than the executive and so must necessarily be left to the prudence and wisdom of those, whose hands it is in, to be managed for the public good for the laws that concern subjects one amongst another, being to direct their actions, may well enough precede them.
But what is to be done in reference to foreigners, depending much upon their actions, and the variation of designs and interests, must be left in great part to the prudence of those, who have this power committed to them, to be managed by the best of their skill, for the advantage of the commonwealth.
In all cases, whilst the government subsists, the legislative is the supreme power for what can give laws to another, must needs be superior to him and since the legislative is no otherwise legislative of the society, but by the right it has to make laws for all the parts, and for every member of the society, prescribing rules to their actions, and giving power of execution, where they are transgressed, the legislative must needs be the supreme, and all other powers, in any members or parts of the society, derived from and subordinate to it.
But when he quits this representation, this public will, and acts by his own private will, he degrades himself, and is but a single private person without power, and without will, that has any right to obedience the members owing no obedience but to the public will of the society.
Only thus much, which is necessary to our present purpose, we may take notice of concerning them, that they have no manner of authority, any of them, beyond what is by positive grant and commission delegated to them, and are all of them accountable to some other power in the commonwealth.
Sect. . It is not necessary, no, nor so much as convenient, that the legislative should be always in being but absolutely necessary that the executive power should, because there is not always need of new laws to be made, but always need of execution of the laws that are made.
When the legislative hath put the execution of the laws, they make, into other hands, they have a power still to resume it out of those hands, when they find cause, and to punish for any maladministration against the laws. The same holds also in regard of the federative power, that and the executive being both ministerial and subordinate to the legislative, which, as has been shewed, in a constituted commonwealth is the supreme.
Constant frequent meetings of the legislative, and long continuations of their assemblies, without necessary occasion, could not but be burdensome to the people, and must necessarily in time produce more dangerous inconveniencies, and yet the quick turn of affairs might be sometimes such as to need their present help any delay of their convening might endanger the public and sometimes too their business might be so great, that the limited time of their sitting might be too short for their work, and rob the public of that benefit which could be had only from their mature deliberation.
What then could be done in this case to prevent the community from being exposed some time or other to eminent hazard, on one side or the other, by fixed intervals and periods, set to the meeting and acting of the legislative, but to intrust it to the prudence of some, who being present, and acquainted with the state of public affairs, might make use of this prerogative for the public good?
Thus supposing the regulation of times for the assembling and sitting of the legislative, not settled by the original constitution, it naturally fell into the hands of the executive, not as an arbitrary power depending on his good pleasure, but with this trust always to have it exercised only for the public weal, as the occurrences of times and change of affairs might require.
Whether settled periods of their convening, or a liberty left to the prince for convoking the legislative, or perhaps a mixture of both, hath the least inconvenience attending it, it is not my business here to inquire, but only to shew, that though the executive power may have the prerogative of convoking and dissolving such conventions of the legislative, yet it is not thereby superior to it.
Sect. . Things of this world are in so constant a flux, that nothing remains long in the same state. Thus people, riches, trade, power, change their stations, flourishing mighty cities come to ruin, and prove in times neglected desolate corners, whilst other unfrequented places grow into populous countries, filled with wealth and inhabitants.
But things not always changing equally, and private interest often keeping up customs and privileges, when the reasons of them are ceased, it often comes to pass, that in governments, where part of the legislative consists of representatives chosen by the people, that in tract of time this representation becomes very unequal and disproportionate to the reasons it was at first established upon.
To what gross absurdities the following of custom, when reason has left it, may lead, we may be satisfied, when we see the bare name of a town, of which there remains not so much as the ruins, where scarce so much housing as a sheepcote, or more inhabitants than a shepherd is to be found, sends as many representatives to the grand assembly of lawmakers, as a whole county numerous in people, and powerful in riches.
This strangers stand amazed at, and every one must confess needs a remedy tho' most think it hard to find one, because the constitution of the legislative being the original and supreme act of the society, antecedent to all positive laws in it, and depending wholly on the people, no inferior power can alter it.
And therefore the people, when the legislative is once constituted, having, in such a government as we have been speaking of, no power to act as long as the government stands this inconvenience is thought incapable of a remedy. Sect. . Salus populi suprema lex, is certainly so just and fundamental a rule, that he, who sincerely follows it, cannot dangerously err.
'Tis not a change from the present state, which perhaps corruption or decay has introduced, that makes an inroad upon the government, but the tendency of it to injure or oppress the people, and to set up one part or party, with a distinction from, and an unequal subjection of the rest.
Whatsoever cannot but be acknowledged to be of advantage to the society, and people in general, upon just and lasting measures, will always, when done, justify itself and whenever the people shall chuse their representatives upon just and undeniably equal measures, suitable to the original frame of the government, it cannot be doubted to be the will and act of the society, whoever permitted or caused them so to do.
Many things there are, which the law can by no means provide for and those must necessarily be left to the discretion of him that has the executive power in his hands, to be ordered by him as the public good and advantage shall require nay, it is fit that the laws themselves should in some cases give way to the executive power, or rather to this fundamental law of nature and government, viz.
It is easy to conceive, that in the infancy of governments, when commonwealths differed little from families in number of people, they differed from them too but little in number of laws and the governors, being as the fathers of them, watching over them for their good, the government was almost all prerogative.
But when mistake or flattery prevailed with weak princes to make use of this power for private ends of their own, and not for the public good, the people were fain by express laws to get prerogative determined in those points wherein they found disadvantage from it and thus declared limitations of prerogative were by the people found necessary in cases which they and their ancestors had left, in the utmost latitude, to the wisdom of those princes who made no other but a right use of it, that is, for the good of their people.
And indeed, if that be so, the people under his government are not a society of rational creatures, entered into a community for their mutual good they are not such as have set rulers over themselves, to guard, and promote that good but are to be looked on as an herd of inferior creatures under the dominion of a master, who keeps them and works them for his own pleasure or profit.
And therefore he that will look into the history of England, will find, that prerogative was always largest in the hands of our wisest and best princes because the people, observing the whole tendency of their actions to be the public good, contested not what was done without law to that end or, if any human frailty or mistake (for princes are but men, made as others) appeared in some small declinations from that end yet 'twas visible, the main of their conduct tended to nothing but the care of the public.
The people therefore, finding reason to be satisfied with these princes, whenever they acted without, or contrary to the letter of the law, acquiesced in what they did, and, without the least complaint, let them inlarge their prerogative as they pleased, judging rightly, that they did nothing herein to the prejudice of their laws, since they acted conformable to the foundation and end of all laws, the public good.
The power of calling parliaments in England, as to precise time, place, and duration, is certainly a prerogative of the king, but still with this trust, that it shall be made use of for the good of the nation, as the exigencies of the times, and variety of occasions, shall require for it being impossible to foresee which should always be the fittest place for them to assemble in, and what the best season the choice of these was left with the executive power, as might be most subservient to the public good, and best suit the ends of parliaments.
The old question will be asked in this matter of prerogative, But who shall be judge when this power is made a right use of one answer between an executive power in being, with such a prerogative, and a legislative that depends upon his will for their convening, there can be no judge on earth as there can be none between the legislative and the people, should either the executive, or the legislative, when they have got the power in their hands, design, or go about to enslave or destroy them.
The people have no other remedy in this, as in all other cases where they have no judge on earth, but to appeal to heaven for the rulers, in such attempts, exercising a power the people never put into their hands, (who can never be supposed to consent that any body should rule over them for their harm) do that which they have not a right to do.
And therefore, though the people cannot be judge, so as to have, by the constitution of that society, any superior power, to determine and give effective sentence in the case yet they have, by a law antecedent and paramount to all positive laws of men, reserved that ultimate determination to themselves which belongs to all mankind, where there lies no appeal on earth, viz.
And this judgment they cannot part with, it being out of a man's power so to submit himself to another, as to give him a liberty to destroy him God and nature never allowing a man so to abandon himself, as to neglect his own preservation and since he cannot take away his own life, neither can he give another power to take it.
Nor let any one think, this lays a perpetual foundation for disorder for this operates not, till the inconveniency is so great, that the majority feel it, and are weary of it, and find a necessity to have it amended. But this the executive power, or wise princes, never need come in the danger of and it is the thing, of all others, they have most need to avoid, as of all others the most perilous.
First, then, Paternal or parental power is nothing but that which parents have over their children, to govern them for the children's good, till they come to the use of reason, or a state of knowledge, wherein they may be supposed capable to understand that rule, whether it be the law of nature, or the municipal law of their country, they are to govern themselves by capable, I say, to know it, as well as several others, who live as freemen under that law.
But happen it as it will, there is, as I have proved, no reason why it should be thought to extend to life and death, at any time, over their children, more than over any body else neither can there be any pretence why this parental power should keep the child, when grown to a man, in subjection to the will of his parents, any farther than having received life and education from his parents, obliges him to respect, honour, gratitude, assistance and support, all his life, to both father and mother.
And thus, 'tis true, the paternal is a natural government, but not at all extending itself to the ends and jurisdictions of that which is political. The power of the father doth not reach at all to the property of the child, which is only in his own disposing. Sect.
And thus captives, taken in a just and lawful war, and such only, are subject to a despotical power, which, as it arises not from compact, so neither is it capable of any, but is the state of war continued for what compact can be made with a man that is not master of his own life?
He that is master of himself, and his own life, has a right too to the means of preserving it so that as soon as compact enters, slavery ceases, and he so far quits his absolute power, and puts an end to the state of war, who enters into conditions with his captive.
(Another copy corrected by Mr. Locke, has it thus, Noxious brute that is destructive to their being.) Sect. . Nature gives the first of these, viz. paternal power to parents for the benefit of their children during their minority, to supply their want of ability, and understanding how to manage their property.
(By property I must be understood here, as in other places, to mean that property which men have in their persons as well as goods.) Voluntary agreement gives the second, viz. political power to governors for the benefit of their subjects, to secure them in the possession and use of their properties.
He, that shall consider the distinct rise and extent, and the different ends of these several powers, will plainly see, that paternal power comes as far short of that of the magistrate, as despotical exceeds it and that absolute dominion, however placed, is so far from being one kind of civil society, that it is as inconsistent with it, as slavery is with property.
THOUGH governments can originally have no other rise than that before mentioned, nor polities be founded on any thing but the consent of the people yet such have been the disorders ambition has filled the world with, that in the noise of war, which makes so great a part of the history of mankind, this consent is little taken notice of and therefore many have mistaken the force of arms for the consent of the people, and reckon conquest as one of the originals of government.
But conquest is as far from setting up any government, as demolishing an house is from building a new one in the place. Indeed, it often makes way for a new frame of a commonwealth, by destroying the former but, without the consent of the people, can never erect a new one.
That the aggressor, who puts himself into the state of war with another, and unjustly invades another man's right, can, by such an unjust war, never come to have a right over the conquered, will be easily agreed by all men, who will not think, that robbers and pyrates have a right of empire over whomsoever they have force enough to master or that men are bound by promises, which unlawful force extorts from them.
Should a robber break into my house, and with a dagger at my throat make me seal deeds to convey my estate to him, would this give him any title? Just such a title, by his sword, has an unjust conqueror, who forces me into submission. The injury and the crime is equal, whether committed by the wearer of a crown, or some petty villain.
The only difference is, great robbers punish little ones, to keep them in their obedience but the great ones are rewarded with laurels and triumphs, because they are too big for the weak hands of justice in this world, and have the power in their own possession, which should punish offenders.
What is my remedy against a robber, that so broke into my house? Appeal to the law for justice. But perhaps justice is denied, or I am crippled and cannot stir, robbed and have not the means to do it. If God has taken away all means of seeking remedy, there is nothing left but patience.
But my son, when able, may seek the relief of the law, which I am denied he or his son may renew his appeal, till he recover his right. But the conquered, or their children, have no court, no arbitrator on earth to appeal to. Then they may appeal, as Jephtha did, to heaven, and repeat their appeal till they have recovered the native right of their ancestors, which was, to have such a legislative over them, as the majority should approve, and freely acquiesce in.
Sect. . But supposing victory favours the right side, let us consider a conqueror in a lawful war, and see what power he gets, and over whom. First, It is plain he gets no power by his conquest over those that conquered with him. They that fought on his side cannot suffer by the conquest, but must at least be as much freemen as they were before.
And most commonly they serve upon terms, and on condition to share with their leader, and enjoy a part of the spoil, and other advantages that attend the conquering sword or at least have a part of the subdued country bestowed upon them. And the conquering people are not, I hope, to be slaves by conquest, and wear their laurels only to shew they are sacrifices to their leaders triumph.
They that found absolute monarchy upon the title of the sword, make their heroes, who are the founders of such monarchies, arrant Drawcansirs, and forget they had any officers and soldiers that fought on their side in the battles they won, or assisted them in the subduing, or shared in possessing, the countries they mastered.
We are told by some, that the English monarchy is founded in the Norman conquest, and that our princes have thereby a title to absolute dominion which if it were true, (as by the history it appears otherwise) and that William had a right to make war on this island yet his dominion by conquest could reach no farther than to the Saxons and Britons, that were then inhabitants of this country.
And if I, or any body else, shall claim freedom, as derived from them, it will be very hard to prove the contrary and it is plain, the law, that has made no distinction between the one and the other, intends not there should be any difference in their freedom or privileges.
Sect. . But supposing, which seldom happens, that the conquerors and conquered never incorporate into one people, under the same laws and freedom let us see next what power a lawful conqueror has over the subdued and that I say is purely despotical. He has an absolute power over the lives of those who by an unjust war have forfeited them but not over the lives or fortunes of those who engaged not in the war, nor over the possessions even of those who were actually engaged in it.
Thirdly, The power a conqueror gets over those he overcomes in a just war, is perfectly despotical he has an absolute power over the lives of those, who, by putting themselves in a state of war, have forfeited them but he has not thereby a right and title to their possessions.
This I doubt not, but at first sight will seem a strange doctrine, it being so quite contrary to the practice of the world there being nothing more familiar in speaking of the dominion of countries, than to say such an one conquered it as if conquest, without any more ado, conveyed a right of possession.
But when we consider, that the practice of the strong and powerful, how universal soever it may be, is seldom the rule of right, however it be one part of the subjection of the conquered, not to argue against the conditions cut out to them by the conquering sword. Sect.
It is the unjust use of force then, that puts a man into the state of war with another and thereby he that is guilty of it makes a forfeiture of his life for quitting reason, which is the rule given between man and man, and using force, the way of beasts, he becomes liable to be destroyed by him he uses force against, as any savage ravenous beast, that is dangerous to his being.
But because the miscarriages of the father are no faults of the children, and they may be rational and peaceable, notwithstanding the brutishness and injustice of the father the father, by his miscarriages and violence, can forfeit but his own life, but involves not his children in his guilt or destruction.
The right then of conquest extends only to the lives of those who joined in the war, not to their estates, but only in order to make reparation for the damages received, and the charges of the war, and that too with reservation of the right of the innocent wife and children.
I am conquered my life, it is true, as forfeit, is at mercy, but not my wife's and children's. They made not the war, nor assisted in it. I could not forfeit their lives they were not mine to forfeit. My wife had a share in my estate that neither could I forfeit.
Here then is the case the conqueror has a title to reparation for damages received, and the children have a title to their father's estate for their subsistence for as to the wife's share, whether her own labour, or compact, gave her a title to it, it is plain, her husband could not forfeit what was her's.
I answer the fundamental law of nature being, that all, as much as may be, should be preserved, it follows, that if there be not enough fully to satisfy both, viz, for the conqueror's losses, and children's maintenance, he that hath, and to spare, must remit something of his full satisfaction, and give way to the pressing and preferable title of those who are in danger to perish without it.
And if I have not taken away the conqueror's land, which, being vanquished, it is impossible I should scarce any other spoil I have done him can amount to the value of mine, supposing it equally cultivated, and of an extent any way coming near what I had overrun of his.
The destruction of a year's product or two (for it seldom reaches four or five) is the utmost spoil that usually can be done for as to money, and such riches and treasure taken away, these are none of nature's goods, they have but a fantastical imaginary value nature has put no such upon them they are of no more account by her standard, than the wampompeke of the Americans to an European prince, or the silver money of Europe would have been formerly to an American.
The conqueror indeed will be apt to think himself master and it is the very condition of the subdued not to be able to dispute their right. But if that be all, it gives no other title than what bare force gives to the stronger over the weaker and, by this reason, he that is strongest will have a right to whatever he pleases to seize on.
Over those then that joined with him in the war, and over those of the subdued country that opposed him not, and the posterity even of those that did, the conqueror, even in a just war, hath, by his conquest, no right of dominion they are free from any subjection to him, and if their former government be dissolved, they are at liberty to begin and erect another to themselves.
Sect. . The conqueror, it is true, usually, by the force he has over them, compels them, with a sword at their breasts, to stoop to his conditions, and submit to such a government as he pleases to afford them but the enquiry is, what right he has to do so?
If it be said, they submit by their own consent, then this allows their own consent to be necessary to give the conqueror a title to rule over them. It remains only to be considered, whether promises extorted by force, without right, can be thought consent, and how far they bind.
To which I shall say, they bind not at all because whatsoever another gets from me by force, I still retain the right of, and he is obliged presently to restore. He that forces my horse from me, ought presently to restore him, and I have still a right to retake him.
By the same reason, he that forced a promise from me, ought presently to restore it, i.e. quit me of the obligation of it or I may resume it myself, i.e. chuse whether I will perform it for the law of nature laying an obligation on me only by the rules she prescribes, cannot oblige me by the violation of her rules such is the extorting any thing from me by force.
Nor does it at all alter the case to say, I gave my promise, no more than it excuses the force, and passes the right, when I put my hand in my pocket, and deliver my purse myself to a thief, who demands it with a pistol at my breast.
Sect. . From all which it follows, that the government of a conqueror, imposed by force on the subdued, against whom he had no right of war, or who joined not in the war against him, where he had right, has no obligation upon them. Sect. . But let us suppose, that all the men of that community, being all members of the same body politic, may be taken to have joined in that unjust war wherein they are subdued, and so their lives are at the mercy of the conqueror.
So that the children, whatever may have happened to the fathers, are freemen, and the absolute power of the conqueror reaches no farther than the persons of the men that were subdued by him, and dies with them and should he govern them as slaves, subjected to his absolute arbitrary power, he has no such right of dominion over their children.
He can have no power over them but by their own consent, whatever he may drive them to say or do and he has no lawfull authority, whilst force, and not choice, compels them to submission. Sect. . Every man is born with a double right first, a right of freedom to his person, which no other man has a power over, but the free disposal of it lies in himself.
By the first of these, a man is naturally free from subjection to any government, tho' he be born in a place under its jurisdiction but if he disclaim the lawful government of the country he was born in, he must also quit the right that belonged to him by the laws of it, and the possessions there descending to him from his ancestors, if it were a government made by their consent.
But granting that the conqueror in a just war has a right to the estates, as well as power over the persons, of the conquered which, it is plain, he hath not nothing of absolute power will follow from hence, in the continuance of the government because the descendants of these being all freemen, if he grants them estates and possessions to inhabit his country, (without which it would be worth nothing) whatsoever he grants them, they have, so far as it is granted, property in.
The nature whereof is, that without a man's own consent it cannot be taken from him. Sect. . Their persons are free by a native right, and their properties, be they more or less, are their own, and at their own dispose, and not at his or else it is no property.
Supposing the conqueror gives to one man a thousand acres, to him and his heirs for ever to another he lets a thousand acres for his life, under the rent of . or . per ann. has not the one of these a right to his thousand acres for ever, and the other, during his life, paying the said rent?
and hath not the tenant for life a property in all that he gets over and above his rent, by his labour and industry during the said term, supposing it be double the rent? Can any one say, the king, or conqueror, after his grant, may by his power of conqueror take away all, or part of the land from the heirs of one, or from the other during his life, he paying the rent?
If he can, then all free and voluntary contracts cease, and are void in the world there needs nothing to dissolve them at any time, but power enough and all the grants and promises of men in power are but mockery and collusion for can there be any thing more ridiculous than to say, I give you and your's this for ever, and that in the surest and most solemn way of conveyance can be devised and yet it is to be understood, that I have right, if I please, to take it away from you again to morrow?
Sect. . I will not dispute now whether princes are exempt from the laws of their country but this I am sure, they owe subjection to the laws of God and nature. No body, no power, can exempt them from the obligations of that eternal law. Those are so great, and so strong, in the case of promises, that omnipotency itself can be tied by them.
Grants, promises, and oaths, are bonds that hold the Almighty whatever some flatterers say to princes of the world, who all together, with all their people joined to them, are, in comparison of the great God, but as a drop of the bucket, or a dust on the balance, inconsiderable, nothing!
The short of the case in conquest is this the conqueror, if he have a just cause, has a despotical right over the persons of all, that actually aided, and concurred in the war against him, and a right to make up his damage and cost out of their labour and estates, so he injure not the right of any other.
Thus, notwithstanding whatever title the kings of Assyria had over Judah, by the sword, God assisted Hezekiah to throw off the dominion of that conquering empire. And the lord was with Hezekiah, and he prospered wherefore he went forth, and he rebelled against the king of Assyria, and served him not,  Kings xviii.
Whence it is plain, that shaking off a power, which force, and not right, hath set over any one, though it hath the name of rebellion, yet is no offence before God, but is that which he allows and countenances, though even promises and covenants, when obtained by force, have intervened for it is very probable, to any one that reads the story of Ahaz and Hezekiah attentively, that the Assyrians subdued Ahaz, and deposed him, and made Hezekiah king in his father's lifetime and that Hezekiah by agreement had done him homage, and paid him tribute all this time.
This, so far as it is usurpation, is a change only of persons, but not of the forms and rules of the government for if the usurper extend his power beyond what of right belonged to the lawful princes, or governors of the commonwealth, it is tyranny added to usurpation.
In all lawful governments, the designation of the persons, who are to bear rule, is as natural and necessary a part as the form of the government itself, and is that which had its establishment originally from the people the anarchy being much alike, to have no form of government at all or to agree, that it shall be monarchical, but to appoint no way to design the person that shall have the power, and be the monarch.
Hence all commonwealths, with the form of government established, have rules also of appointing those who are to have any share in the public authority, and settled methods of conveying the right to them for the anarchy is much alike, to have no form of government at all or to agree that it shall be monarchical, but to appoint no way to know or design the person that shall have the power, and be the monarch.
Whoever gets into the exercise of any part of the power, by other ways than what the laws of the community have prescribed, hath no right to be obeyed, though the form of the commonwealth be still preserved since he is not the person the laws have appointed, and consequently not the person the people have consented to.
Nor can such an usurper, or any deriving from him, ever have a title, till the people are both at liberty to consent, and have actually consented to allow, and confirm in him the power he hath till then usurped. Sect. . AS usurpation is the exercise of power, which another hath a right to so tyranny is the exercise of power beyond right, which no body can have a right to.
And this is making use of the power any one has in his hands, not for the good of those who are under it, but for his own private separate advantage. When the governor, however intitled, makes not the law, but his will, the rule and his commands and actions are not directed to the preservation of the properties of his people, but the satisfaction of his own ambition, revenge, covetousness, or any other irregular passion.
And again, in his speech to the parliament, , he hath these words The king binds himself by a double oath, to the observation of the fundamental laws of his kingdom tacitly, as by being a king, and so bound to protect as well the people, as the laws of his kingdom and expressly, by his oath at his coronation, so as every just king, in a settled kingdom, is bound to observe that paction made to his people, by his laws, in framing his government agreeable thereunto, according to that paction which God made with Noah after the deluge.
Hereafter, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night, shall not cease while the earth remaineth. And therefore a king governing in a settled kingdom, leaves to be a king, and degenerates into a tyrant, as soon as he leaves off to rule according to his laws.
Thus that learned king, who well understood the notion of things, makes the difference betwixt a king and a tyrant to consist only in this, that one makes the laws the bounds of his power, and the good of the public, the end of his government the other makes all give way to his own will and appetite.
It is a mistake, to think this fault is proper only to monarchies other forms of government are liable to it, as well as that for wherever the power, that is put in any hands for the government of the people, and the preservation of their properties, is applied to other ends, and made use of to impoverish, harass, or subdue them to the arbitrary and irregular commands of those that have it there it presently becomes tyranny, whether those that thus use it are one or many.
Whereever law ends, tyranny begins, if the law be transgressed to another's harm and whosoever in authority exceeds the power given him by the law, and makes use of the force he has under his command, to compass that upon the subject, which the law allows not, ceases in that to be a magistrate and, acting without authority, may be opposed, as any other man, who by force invades the right of another.
He that hath authority to seize my person in the street, may be opposed as a thief and a robber, if he endeavours to break into my house to execute a writ, notwithstanding that I know he has such a warrant, and such a legal authority, as will impower him to arrest me abroad.
And why this should not hold in the highest, as well as in the most inferior magistrate, I would gladly be informed. Is it reasonable, that the eldest brother, because he has the greatest part of his father's estate, should thereby have a right to take away any of his younger brothers portions?
Sect. . May the commands then of a prince be opposed? may he be resisted as often as any one shall find himself aggrieved, and but imagine he has not right done him? This will unhinge and overturn all polities, and, instead of government and order, leave nothing but anarchy and confusion.
To this I answer, that force is to be opposed to nothing, but to unjust and unlawful force whoever makes any opposition in any other case, draws on himself a just condemnation both from God and man and so no such danger or confusion will follow, as is often suggested for, Sect.
But yet opposition may be made to the illegal acts of any inferior officer, or other commissioned by him unless he will, by actually putting himself into a state of war with his people, dissolve the government, and leave them to that defence which belongs to every one in the state of nature for of such things who can tell what the end will be?
A man with a sword in his hand demands my purse in the highway, when perhaps I have not twelve pence in my pocket this man I may lawfully kill. To another I deliver  pounds to hold only whilst I alight, which he refuses to restore me, when I am got up again, but draws his sword to defend the possession of it by force, if I endeavour to retake it.
The mischief this man does me is a hundred, or possibly a thousand times more than the other perhaps intended me (whom I killed before he really did me any) and yet I might lawfully kill the one, and cannot so much as hurt the other lawfully. The reason whereof is plain because the one using force, which threatened my life, I could not have time to appeal to the law to secure it and when it was gone, it was too late to appeal.
The law could not restore life to my dead carcass the loss was irreparable which to prevent, the law of nature gave me a right to destroy him, who had put himself into a state of war with me, and threatened my destruction. But in the other case, my life not being in danger, I may have the benefit of appealing to the law, and have reparation for my  pounds that way.
But if either these illegal acts have extended to the majority of the people or if the mischief and oppression has lighted only on some few, but in such cases, as the precedent, and consequences seem to threaten all and they are persuaded in their consciences, that their laws, and with them their estates, liberties, and lives are in danger, and perhaps their religion too how they will be hindered from resisting illegal force, used against them, I cannot tell.
Sect. . HE that will with any clearness speak of the dissolution of government, ought in the first place to distinguish between the dissolution of the society and the dissolution of the government. That which makes the community, and brings men out of the loose state of nature, into one politic society, is the agreement which every one has with the rest to incorporate, and act as one body, and so be one distinct commonwealth.
The usual, and almost only way whereby this union is dissolved, is the inroad of foreign force making a conquest upon them for in that case, (not being able to maintain and support themselves, as one intire and independent body) the union belonging to that body which consisted therein, must necessarily cease, and so every one return to the state he was in before, with a liberty to shift for himself, and provide for his own safety, as he thinks fit, in some other society.
Whenever the society is dissolved, it is certain the government of that society cannot remain. Thus conquerors swords often cut up governments by the roots, and mangle societies to pieces, separating the subdued or scattered multitude from the protection of, and dependence on, that society which ought to have preserved them from violence.
The world is too well instructed in, and too forward to allow of, this way of dissolving of governments, to need any more to be said of it and there wants not much argument to prove, that where the society is dissolved, the government cannot remain that being as impossible, as for the frame of an house to subsist when the materials of it are scattered and dissipated by a whirlwind, or jumbled into a confused heap by an earthquake.
Civil society being a state of peace, amongst those who are of it, from whom the state of war is excluded by the umpirage, which they have provided in their legislative, for the ending all differences that may arise amongst any of them, it is in their legislative, that the members of a commonwealth are united, and combined together into one coherent living body.
This is the soul that gives form, life, and unity, to the commonwealth from hence the several members have their mutual influence, sympathy, and connexion and therefore, when the legislative is broken, or dissolved, dissolution and death follows for the essence and union of the society consisting in having one will, the legislative, when once established by the majority, has the declaring, and as it were keeping of that will.
The constitution of the legislative is the first and fundamental act of society, whereby provision is made for the continuation of their union, under the direction of persons, and bonds of laws, made by persons authorized thereunto, by the consent and appointment of the people, without which no one man, or number of men, amongst them, can have authority of making laws that shall be binding to the rest.
When any one, or more, shall take upon them to make laws, whom the people have not appointed so to do, they make laws without authority, which the people are not therefore bound to obey by which means they come again to be out of subjection, and may constitute to themselves a new legislative, as they think best, being in full liberty to resist the force of those, who without authority would impose any thing upon them.
Every one is at the disposure of his own will, when those who had, by the delegation of the society, the declaring of the public will, are excluded from it, and others usurp the place, who have no such authority or delegation. Sect. . This being usually brought about by such in the commonwealth who misuse the power they have it is hard to consider it aright, and know at whose door to lay it, without knowing the form of government in which it happens.
Let us suppose then the legislative placed in the concurrence of three distinct persons. (). A single hereditary person, having the constant, supreme, executive power, and with it the power of convoking and dissolving the other two within certain periods of time. (). An assembly of hereditary nobility. (). An assembly of representatives chosen, pro tempore, by the people.
First, That when such a single person, or prince, sets up his own arbitrary will in place of the laws, which are the will of the society, declared by the legislative, then the legislative is changed for that being in effect the legislative, whose rules and laws are put in execution, and required to be obeyed when other laws are set up, and other rules pretended, and inforced, than what the legislative, constituted by the society, have enacted, it is plain that the legislative is changed.
Thirdly, When, by the arbitrary power of the prince, the electors, or ways of election, are altered, without the consent, and contrary to the common interest of the people, there also the legislative is altered for, if others than those whom the society hath authorized thereunto, do chuse, or in another way than what the society hath prescribed, those chosen are not the legislative appointed by the people.
Fourthly, The delivery also of the people into the subjection of a foreign power, either by the prince, or by the legislative, is certainly a change of the legislative, and so a dissolution of the government for the end why people entered into society being to be preserved one intire, free, independent society, to be governed by its own laws this is lost, whenever they are given up into the power of another.
Besides, the prince in such a form of government, having the power of dissolving the other parts of the legislative, and thereby rendering them private persons, they can never in opposition to him, or without his concurrence, alter the legislative by a law, his consent being necessary to give any of their decrees that sanction.
But yet, so far as the other parts of the legislative any way contribute to any attempt upon the government, and do either promote, or not, what lies in them, hinder such designs, they are guilty, and partake in this, which is certainly the greatest crime which men can partake of one towards another.
This is demonstratively to reduce all to anarchy, and so effectually to dissolve the government for laws not being made for themselves, but to be, by their execution, the bonds of the society, to keep every part of the body politic in its due place and function when that totally ceases, the government visibly ceases, and the people become a confused multitude, without order or connexion.
Where there is no longer the administration of justice, for the securing of men's rights, nor any remaining power within the community to direct the force, or provide for the necessities of the public, there certainly is no government left. Where the laws cannot be executed, it is all one as if there were no laws and a government without laws is, I suppose, a mystery in politics, unconceivable to human capacity, and inconsistent with human society.
In these and the like cases, when the government is dissolved, the people are at liberty to provide for themselves, by erecting a new legislative, differing from the other, by the change of persons, or form, or both, as they shall find it most for their safety and good for the society can never, by the fault of another, lose the native and original right it has to preserve itself, which can only be done by a settled legislative, and a fair and impartial execution of the laws made by it.
To tell people they may provide for themselves, by erecting a new legislative, when by oppression, artifice, or being delivered over to a foreign power, their old one is gone, is only to tell them, they may expect relief when it is too late, and the evil is past cure.
This, if barely so, is rather mockery than relief and men can never be secure from tyranny, if there be no means to escape it till they are perfectly under it and therefore it is, that they have not only a right to get out of it, but to prevent it.
Sect. . There is therefore, secondly, another way whereby governments are dissolved, and that is, when the legislative, or the prince, either of them, act contrary to their trust. First, The legislative acts against the trust reposed in them, when they endeavour to invade the property of the subject, and to make themselves, or any part of the community, masters, or arbitrary disposers of the lives, liberties, or fortunes of the people.
What I have said here, concerning the legislative in general, holds true also concerning the supreme executor, who having a double trust put in him, both to have a part in the legislative, and the supreme execution of the law, acts against both, when he goes about to set up his own arbitrary will as the law of the society.
He acts also contrary to his trust, when he either employs the force, treasure, and offices of the society, to corrupt the representatives, and gain them to his purposes or openly preengages the electors, and prescribes to their choice, such, whom he has, by sollicitations, threats, promises, or otherwise, won to his designs and employs them to bring in such, who have promised beforehand what to vote, and what to enact.
for the people having reserved to themselves the choice of their representatives, as the fence to their properties, could do it for no other end, but that they might always be freely chosen, and so chosen, freely act, and advise, as the necessity of the commonwealth, and the public good should, upon examination, and mature debate, be judged to require.
To prepare such an assembly as this, and endeavour to set up the declared abettors of his own will, for the true representatives of the people, and the lawmakers of the society, is certainly as great a breach of trust, and as perfect a declaration of a design to subvert the government, as is possible to be met with.
To which, if one shall add rewards and punishments visibly employed to the same end, and all the arts of perverted law made use of, to take off and destroy all that stand in the way of such a design, and will not comply and consent to betray the liberties of their country, it will be past doubt what is doing.
What power they ought to have in the society, who thus employ it contrary to the trust went along with it in its first institution, is easy to determine and one cannot but see, that he, who has once attempted any such thing as this, cannot any longer be trusted.
To this perhaps it will be said, that the people being ignorant, and always discontented, to lay the foundation of government in the unsteady opinion and uncertain humour of the people, is to expose it to certain ruin and no government will be able long to subsist, if the people may set up a new legislative, whenever they take offence at the old one.
To this I answer, Quite the contrary. People are not so easily got out of their old forms, as some are apt to suggest. They are hardly to be prevailed with to amend the acknowledged faults in the frame they have been accustomed to. And if there be any original defects, or adventitious ones introduced by time, or corruption it is not an easy thing to get them changed, even when all the world sees there is an opportunity for it.
This slowness and aversion in the people to quit their old constitutions, has, in the many revolutions which have been seen in this kingdom, in this and former ages, still kept us to, or, after some interval of fruitless attempts, still brought us back again to our old legislative of king, lords and commons and whatever provocations have made the crown be taken from some of our princes heads, they never carried the people so far as to place it in another line.
To which I answer, First, No more than any other hypothesis for when the people are made miserable, and find themselves exposed to the ill usage of arbitrary power, cry up their governors, as much as you will, for sons of Jupiter let them be sacred and divine, descended, or authorized from heaven give them out for whom or what you please, the same will happen.
The people generally ill treated, and contrary to right, will be ready upon any occasion to ease themselves of a burden that sits heavy upon them. They will wish, and seek for the opportunity, which in the change, weakness and accidents of human affairs, seldom delays long to offer itself.
He must have lived but a little while in the world, who has not seen examples of this in his time and he must have read very little, who cannot produce examples of it in all sorts of governments in the world. Sect. . Secondly, I answer, such revolutions happen not upon every little mismanagement in public affairs.
In both the forementioned cases, when either the legislative is changed, or the legislators act contrary to the end for which they were constituted those who are guilty are guilty of rebellion for if any one by force takes away the established legislative of any society, and the laws by them made, pursuant to their trust, he thereby takes away the umpirage, which every one had consented to, for a peaceable decision of all their controversies, and a bar to the state of war amongst them.
If the innocent honest man must quietly quit all he has, for peace sake, to him who will lay violent hands upon it, I desire it may be considered, what a kind of peace there will be in the world, which consists only in violence and rapine and which is to be maintained only for the benefit of robbers and oppressors.
Who would not think it an admirable peace betwix the mighty and the mean, when the lamb, without resistance, yielded his throat to be torn by the imperious wolf? Polyphemus's den gives us a perfect pattern of such a peace, and such a government, wherein Ulysses and his companions had nothing to do, but quietly to suffer themselves to be devoured.
And no doubt Ulysses, who was a prudent man, preached up passive obedience, and exhorted them to a quiet submission, by representing to them of what concernment peace was to mankind and by shewing the inconveniences might happen, if they should offer to resist Polyphemus, who had now the power over them.
The end of government is the good of mankind and which is best for mankind, that the people should be always exposed to the boundless will of tyranny, or that the rulers should be sometimes liable to be opposed, when they grow exorbitant in the use of their power, and employ it for the destruction, and not the preservation of the properties of their people?
It is true, such men may stir, whenever they please but it will be only to their own just ruin and perdition for till the mischief be grown general, and the ill designs of the rulers become visible, or their attempts sensible to the greater part, the people, who are more disposed to suffer than right themselves by resistance, are not apt to stir.
The examples of particular injustice, or oppression of here and there an unfortunate man, moves them not. But if they universally have a persuation, grounded upon manifest evidence, that designs are carrying on against their liberties, and the general course and tendency of things cannot but give them strong suspicions of the evil intention of their governors, who is to be blamed for it?
Who can help it, if they, who might avoid it, bring themselves into this suspicion? Are the people to be blamed, if they have the sense of rational creatures, and can think of things no otherwise than as they find and feel them? And is it not rather their fault, who put things into such a posture, that they would not have them thought to be as they are?
But whether the mischief hath oftener begun in the peoples wantonness, and a desire to cast off the lawful authority of their rulers, or in the rulers insolence, and endeavours to get and exercise an arbitrary power over their people whether oppression, or disobedience, gave the first rise to the disorder, I leave it to impartial history to determine.
This I am sure, whoever, either ruler or subject, by force goes about to invade the rights of either prince or people, and lays the foundation for overturning the constitution and frame of any just government, is highly guilty of the greatest crime, I think, a man is capable of, being to answer for all those mischiefs of blood, rapine, and desolation, which the breaking to pieces of governments bring on a country.
But that magistrates, doing the same thing, may be resisted, hath of late been denied as if those who had the greatest privileges and advantages by the law, had thereby a power to break those laws, by which alone they were set in a better place than their brethren whereas their offence is thereby the greater, both as being ungrateful for the greater share they have by the law, and breaking also that trust, which is put into their hands by their brethren.
Whosoever uses force without right, as every one does in society, who does it without law, puts himself into a state of war with those against whom he so uses it and in that state all former ties are cancelled, all other rights cease, and every one has a right to defend himself, and to resist the aggressor.
This is so evident, that Barclay himself, that great assertor of the power and sacredness of kings, is forced to confess, That it is lawful for the people, in some cases, to resist their king and that too in a chapter, wherein he pretends to shew, that the divine law shuts up the people from all manner of rebellion.
Whereby it is evident, even by his own doctrine, that, since they may in some cases resist, all resisting of princes is not rebellion. His words are these. Quod siquis dicat, Ergone populus tyrannicae crudelitati  furori jugulum semper praebebit? Ergone multitude civitates suas fame, ferro,  flamma vastari, seque, conjuges,  liberos fortunae ludibrio  tyranni libidini exponi, inque omnia vitae pericula omnesque miserias  molestias a rege deduci patientur?
Num illis quod omni animantium generi est a natura tributum, denegari debet, ut sc. vim vi repellant, seseq ab injuria, tueantur? Huic breviter responsum sit, Populo universo negari defensionem, quae juris naturalis est, neque ultionem quae praeter naturam est adversus regem concedi debere. Quapropter si rex non in singulares tantum personas aliquot privatum odium exerceat, sed corpus etiam reipublicae, cujus ipse caput est, i.e.
totum populum, vel insignem aliquam ejus partem immani  intoleranda saevitia seu tyrannide divexet populo, quidem hoc casu resistendi ac tuendi se ab injuria potestas competit, sed tuendi se tantum, non enim in principem invadendi  restituendae injuriae illatae, non recedendi a debita reverentia propter acceptam injuriam. Praesentem denique impetum propulsandi non vim praeteritam ulciscenti jus habet.
Horum enim alterum a natura est, ut vitam scilicet corpusque tueamur. Alterum vero contra naturam, ut inferior de superiori supplicium sumat. Quod itaque populus malum, antequam factum sit, impedire potest, ne fiat, id postquam factum est, in regem authorem sceleris vindicare non potest populus igitur hoc amplius quam privatus quispiam habet quod huic, vel ipsis adversariis judicibus, excepto Buchanano, nullum nisi in patientia remedium superest.
Cum ille si intolerabilis tyrannus est (modicum enim ferre omnino debet) resistere cum reverentia possit, Barclay contra Monarchom. . iii. c. . In English thus Sect. . But if any one should ask, Must the people then always lay themselves open to the cruelty and rage of tyranny? Must they see their cities pillaged, and laid in ashes, their wives and children exposed to the tyrant's lust and fury, and themselves and families reduced by their king to ruin, and all the miseries of want and oppression, and yet sit still?
Must men alone be debarred the common privilege of opposing force with force, which nature allows so freely to all other creatures for their preservation from injury? I answer Selfdefence is a part of the law of nature nor can it be denied the community, even against the king himself but to revenge themselves upon him, must by no means be allowed them it being not agreeable to that law.
Wherefore if the king shall shew an hatred, not only to some particular persons, but sets himself against the body of the commonwealth, whereof he is the head, and shall, with intolerable ill usage, cruelly tyrannize over the whole, or a considerable part of the people, in this case the people have a right to resist and defend themselves from injury but it must be with this caution, that they only defend themselves, but do not attack their prince they may repair the damages received, but must not for any provocation exceed the bounds of due reverence and respect.
They may repulse the present attempt, but must not revenge past violences for it is natural for us to defend life and limb, but that an inferior should punish a superior, is against nature. The mischief which is designed them, the people may prevent before it be done but when it is done, they must not revenge it on the king, though author of the villany.
This therefore is the privilege of the people in general, above what any private person hath that particular men are allowed by our adversaries themselves (Buchanan only excepted) to have no other remedy but patience but the body of the people may with respect resist intolerable tyranny for when it is but moderate, they ought to endure it.
Sect. . Thus far that great advocate of monarchical power allows of resistance. Sect. . It is true, he has annexed two limitations to it, to no purpose First, He says, it must be with reverence. Secondly, It must be without retribution, or punishment and the reason he gives is, because an inferior cannot punish a superior.
He that shall oppose an assault only with a shield to receive the blows, or in any more respectful posture, without a sword in his hand, to abate the confidence and force of the assailant, will quickly be at an end of his resistance, and will find such a defence serve only to draw on himself the worse usage.
This is as ridiculous a way of resisting, as juvenal thought it of fighting ubi tu pulsas, ego vapulo tantum. And the success of the combat will be unavoidably the same he there describes it This will always be the event of such an imaginary resistance, where men may not strike again.
He therefore who may resist, must be allowed to strike. And then let our author, or any body else, join a knock on the head, or a cut on the face, with as much reverence and respect as he thinks fit. He that can reconcile blows and reverence, may, for aught I know, desire for his pains, a civil, respectful cudgeling whereever he can meet with it.
But to resist force with force, being the state of war that levels the parties, cancels all former relation of reverence, respect, and superiority and then the odds that remains, is, that he, who opposes the unjust agressor, has this superiority over him, that he has a right, when he prevails, to punish the offender, both for the breach of the peace, and all the evils that followed upon it.
Barclay therefore, in another place, more coherently to himself, denies it to be lawful to resist a king in any case. But he there assigns two cases, whereby a king may unking himself. His words are, Quid ergo, nulline casus incidere possunt quibus populo sese erigere atque in regem impotentius dominantem arma capere  invadere jure suo suaque authoritate liceat?
Nulli certe quamdiu rex manet. Semper enim ex divinis id obstat, Regem honorificato  qui potestati resistit, Dei ordinationi resisit non alias igitur in eum populo potestas est quam si id committat propter quod ipso jure rex esse desinat. Tunc enim se ipse principatu exuit atque in privatis constituit liber hoc modo populus  superior efficitur, reverso ad eum sc.
jure illo quod ante regem inauguratum in interregno habuit. At sunt paucorum generum commissa ejusmodi quae hunc effectum pariunt. At ego cum plurima animo perlustrem, duo tantum invenio, duos, inquam, casus quibus rex ipso facto ex rege non regem se facit  omni honore  dignitate regali atque in subditos potestate destituit quorum etiam meminit Winzerus.
Horum unus est, Si regnum disperdat, quemadmodum de Nerone fertur, quod is nempe senatum populumque Romanum, atque adeo urbem ipsam ferro flammaque vastare, ac novas sibi sedes quaerere decrevisset. Et de Caligula, quod palam denunciarit se neque civem neque principem senatui amplius fore, inque animo habuerit interempto utriusque ordinis electissimo quoque Alexandriam commigrare, ac ut populum uno ictu interimeret, unam ei cervicem optavit.
Talia cum rex aliquis meditator  molitur serio, omnem regnandi curam  animum ilico abjicit, ac proinde imperium in subditos amittit, ut dominus servi pro derelicto habiti dominium. Sect. . Alter casus est, Si rex in alicujus clientelam se contulit, ac regnum quod liberum a majoribus  populo traditum accepit, alienae ditioni mancipavit.
Nam tunc quamvis forte non ea mente id agit populo plane ut incommodet tamen quia quod praecipuum est regiae dignitatis amifit, ut summus scilicet in regno secundum Deum sit,  solo Deo inferior, atque populum etiam totum ignorantem vel invitum, cujus libertatem sartam  tectam conservare debuit, in alterius gentis ditionem  potestatem dedidit hac velut quadam regni ab alienatione effecit, ut nec quod ipse in regno imperium habuit retineat, nec in eum cui collatum voluit, juris quicquam transferat atque ita eo facto liberum jam  suae potestatis populum relinquit, cujus rei exemplum unum annales Scotici suppeditant.
Barclay contra Monarchom. . iii. c. . Which in English runs thus Sect. . What then, can there no case happen wherein the people may of right, and by their own authority, help themselves, take arms, and set upon their king, imperiously domineering over them? None at all, whilst he remains a king.
Honour the king, and he that resists the power, resists the ordinance of God are divine oracles that will never permit it, The people therefore can never come by a power over him, unless he does something that makes him cease to be a king for then he divests himself of his crown and dignity, and returns to the state of a private man, and the people become free and superior, the power which they had in the interregnum, before they crowned him king, devolving to them again.
But there are but few miscarriages which bring the matter to this state. After considering it well on all sides, I can find but two. Two cases there are, I say, whereby a king, ipso facto, becomes no king, and loses all power and regal authority over his people which are also taken notice of by Winzerus.
The first is, If he endeavour to overturn the government, that is, if he have a purpose and design to ruin the kingdom and commonwealth, as it is recorded of Nero, that he resolved to cut off the senate and people of Rome, lay the city waste with fire and sword, and then remove to some other place.
The other case is, When a king makes himself the dependent of another, and subjects his kingdom which his ancestors left him, and the people put free into his hands, to the dominion of another for however perhaps it may not be his intention to prejudice the people yet because he has hereby lost the principal part of regal dignity, viz.
By this, as it were, alienation of his kingdom, he himself loses the power he had in it before, without transferring any the least right to those on whom he would have bestowed it and so by this act sets the people free, and leaves them at their own disposal.
One example of this is to be found in the Scotch Annals. Sect. . In these cases Barclay, the great champion of absolute monarchy, is forced to allow, that a king may be resisted, and ceases to be a king. That is, in short, not to multiply cases, in whatsoever he has no authority, there he is no king, and may be resisted for wheresoever the authority ceases, the king ceases too, and becomes like other men who have no authority.
And these two cases he instances in, differ little from those above mentioned, to be destructive to governments, only that he has omitted the principle from which his doctrine flows and that is, the breach of trust, in not preserving the form of government agreed on, and in not intending the end of government itself, which is the public good and preservation of property.
When a king has dethroned himself, and put himself in a state of war with his people, what shall hinder them from prosecuting him who is no king, as they would any other man, who has put himself into a state of war with them, Barclay, and those of his opinion, would do well to tell us.
Such designs as these (says he) when any king harbours in his thoughts and seriously promotes, he immediately gives up all care and thought of the commonwealth so that, according to him, the neglect of the public good is to be taken as an evidence of such design, or at least for a sufficient cause of resistance.
And the reason of all, he gives in these words, Because he betrayed or forced his people, whose liberty he ought carefully to have preserved. What he adds, into the power and dominion of a foreign nation, signifies nothing, the fault and forfeiture lying in the loss of their liberty, which he ought to have preserved, and not in any distinction of the persons to whose dominion they were subjected.
The peoples right is equally invaded, and their liberty lost, whether they are made slaves to any of their own, or a foreign nation and in this lies the injury, and against this only have they the right of defence. And there are instances to be found in all countries, which shew, that it is not the change of nations in the persons of their governors, but the change of government, that gives the offence.
Bilson, a bishop of our church, and a great stickler for the power and prerogative of princes, does, if I mistake not, in his treatise of Christian subjection, acknowledge, that princes may forfeit their power, and their title to the obedience of their subjects and if there needed authority in a case where reason is so plain, I could send my reader to Bracton, Fortescue, and the author of the Mirrour, and others, writers that cannot be suspected to be ignorant of our government, or enemies to it.
But I thought Hooker alone might be enough to satisfy those men, who relying on him for their ecclesiastical polity, are by a strange fate carried to deny those principles upon which he builds it. Whether they are herein made the tools of cunninger workmen, to pull down their own fabric, they were best look.
This I am sure, their civil policy is so new, so dangerous, and so destructive to both rulers and people, that as former ages never could bear the broaching of it so it may be hoped, those to come, redeemed from the impositions of these Egyptian undertaskmasters, will abhor the memory of such servile flatterers, who, whilst it seemed to serve their turn, resolved all government into absolute tyranny, and would have all men born to, what their mean souls fitted them for, slavery.
To this I reply, The people shall be judge for who shall be judge whether his trustee or deputy acts well, and according to the trust reposed in him, but he who deputes him, and must, by having deputed him, have still a power to discard him, when he fails in his trust?
If this be reasonable in particular cases of private men, why should it be otherwise in that of the greatest moment, where the welfare of millions is concerned, and also where the evil, if not prevented, is greater, and the redress very difficult, dear, and dangerous? Sect. . But farther, this question, (Who shall be judge?) cannot mean, that there is no judge at all for where there is no judicature on earth, to decide controversies amongst men, God in heaven is judge.
He alone, it is true, is judge of the right. But every man is judge for himself, as in all other cases, so in this, whether another hath put himself into a state of war with him, and whether he should appeal to the Supreme Judge, as Jeptha did. Sect.
But if the prince, or whoever they be in the administration, decline that way of determination, the appeal then lies no where but to heaven force between either persons, who have no known superior on earth, or which permits no appeal to a judge on earth, being properly a state of war, wherein the appeal lies only to heaven and in that state the injured party must judge for himself, when he will think fit to make use of that appeal, and put himself upon it.
But if they have set limits to the duration of their legislative, and made this supreme power in any person, or assembly, only temporary or else, when by the miscarriages of those in authority, it is forfeited upon the forfeiture, or at the determination of the time set, it reverts to the society, and the people have a right to act as supreme, and continue the legislative in themselves or erect a new form, or under the old form place it in new hands, as they think good.
