The book cover and spine above and the images which follow were not part of the original Ormsby translationthey are taken from the  edition of J. W. Clark, illustrated by Gustave Dor. Clark in his edition states that, 'The English text of 'Don Quixote' adopted in this edition is that of Jarvis, with occasional corrections from Motteaux.
See in the introduction below John Ormsby's critique of both the Jarvis and Motteaux translations. It has been elected in the present Project Gutenberg edition to attach the famous engravings of Gustave Dor to the Ormsby translation instead of the JarvisMotteaux. The detail of many of the Dor engravings can be fully appreciated only by utilizing the 'Full Size button to expand them to their original dimensions.
Ormsby in his Preface has criticized the fanciful nature of Dor's illustrations others feel these woodcuts and steel engravings well match Quixote's dreams. D.W. It was with considerable reluctance that I abandoned in favour of the present undertaking what had long been a favourite project that of a new edition of Shelton's 'Don Quixote, which has now become a somewhat scarce book.
Shelton had the inestimable advantage of belonging to the same generation as Cervantes 'Don Quixote had to him a vitality that only a contemporary could feel it cost him no dramatic effort to see things as Cervantes saw them there is no anachronism in his language he put the Spanish of Cervantes into the English of Shakespeare.
Shakespeare himself most likely knew the book he may have carried it home with him in his saddlebags to Stratford on one of his last journeys, and under the mulberry tree at New Place joined hands with a kindred genius in its pages. But it was soon made plain to me that to hope for even a moderate popularity for Shelton was vain.
His fine old crusted English would, no doubt, be relished by a minority, but it would be only by a minority. His warmest admirers must admit that he is not a satisfactory representative of Cervantes. His translation of the First Part was very hastily made and was never revised by him.
It has all the freshness and vigour, but also a full measure of the faults, of a hasty production. It is often very literalbarbarously literal frequentlybut just as often very loose. He had evidently a good colloquial knowledge of Spanish, but apparently not much more. It never seems to occur to him that the same translation of a word will not suit in every case.
It is not that the Spanish idioms are so utterly unmanageable, or that the untranslatable words, numerous enough no doubt, are so superabundant, but rather that the sententious terseness to which the humour of the book owes its flavour is peculiar to Spanish, and can at best be only distantly imitated in any other tongue.
It has been asserted that the Second, published in , is not the work of Shelton, but there is nothing to support the assertion save the fact that it has less spirit, less of what we generally understand by 'go, about it than the first, which would be only natural if the first were the work of a young man writing currente calamo, and the second that of a middleaged man writing for a bookseller.
On the other hand, it is closer and more literal, the style is the same, the very same translations, or mistranslations, occur in it, and it is extremely unlikely that a new translator would, by suppressing his name, have allowed Shelton to carry off the credit. In  John Phillips, Milton's nephew, produced a 'Don Quixote 'made English, he says, 'according to the humour of our modern language.
His 'Quixote is not so much a translation as a travesty, and a travesty that for coarseness, vulgarity, and buffoonery is almost unexampled even in the literature of that day. Ned Ward's 'Life and Notable Adventures of Don Quixote, merrily translated into Hudibrastic Verse (), can scarcely be reckoned a translation, but it serves to show the light in which 'Don Quixote was regarded at the time.
A further illustration may be found in the version published in  by Peter Motteux, who had then recently combined teadealing with literature. It is described as 'translated from the original by several hands, but if so all Spanish flavour has entirely evaporated under the manipulation of the several hands. The flavour that it has, on the other hand, is distinctly Francocockney.
Anyone who compares it carefully with the original will have little doubt that it is a concoction from Shelton and the French of Filleau de Saint Martin, eked out by borrowings from Phillips, whose mode of treatment it adopts. It is, to be sure, more decent and decorous, but it treats 'Don Quixote in the same fashion as a comic book that cannot be made too comic.
To attempt to improve the humour of 'Don Quixote by an infusion of cockney flippancy and facetiousness, as Motteux's operators did, is not merely an impertinence like larding a sirloin of prize beef, but an absolute falsification of the spirit of the book, and it is a proof of the uncritical way in which 'Don Quixote is generally read that this worse than worthless translationworthless as failing to represent, worse than worthless as misrepresentingshould have been favoured as it has been.
It had the effect, however, of bringing out a translation undertaken and executed in a very different spirit, that of Charles Jervas, the portrait painter, and friend of Pope, Swift, Arbuthnot, and Gay. Jervas has been allowed little credit for his work, indeed it may be said none, for it is known to the world in general as Jarvis's.
It was not published until after his death, and the printers gave the name according to the current pronunciation of the day. It has been the most freely used and the most freely abused of all the translations. It has seen far more editions than any other, it is admitted on all hands to be by far the most faithful, and yet nobody seems to have a good word to say for it or for its author.
Jervas no doubt prejudiced readers against himself in his preface, where among many true words about Shelton, Stevens, and Motteux, he rashly and unjustly charges Shelton with having translated not from the Spanish, but from the Italian version of Franciosini, which did not appear until ten years after Shelton's first volume.
A suspicion of incompetence, too, seems to have attached to him because he was by profession a painter and a mediocre one (though he has given us the best portrait we have of Swift), and this may have been strengthened by Pope's remark that he 'translated 'Don Quixote' without understanding Spanish.
He has been also charged with borrowing from Shelton, whom he disparaged. It is true that in a few difficult or obscure passages he has followed Shelton, and gone astray with him but for one case of this sort, there are fifty where he is right and Shelton wrong. As for Pope's dictum, anyone who examines Jervas's version carefully, side by side with the original, will see that he was a sound Spanish scholar, incomparably a better one than Shelton, except perhaps in mere colloquial Spanish.
He was, in fact, an honest, faithful, and painstaking translator, and he has left a version which, whatever its shortcomings may be, is singularly free from errors and mistranslations. The charge against it is that it is stiff, dry'wooden in a word,and no one can deny that there is a foundation for it.
He was one of the few, very few, translators that have shown any apprehension of the unsmiling gravity which is the essence of Quixotic humour it seemed to him a crime to bring Cervantes forward smirking and grinning at his own good things, and to this may be attributed in a great measure the ascetic abstinence from everything savouring of liveliness which is the characteristic of his translation.
In most modern editions, it should be observed, his style has been smoothed and smartened, but without any reference to the original Spanish, so that if he has been made to read more agreeably he has also been robbed of his chief merit of fidelity. Smollett's version, published in , may be almost counted as one of these.
George Kelly's, which appeared in , 'printed for the Translator, was an impudent imposture, being nothing more than Motteux's version with a few of the words, here and there, artfully transposed Charles Wilmot's () was only an abridgment like Florian's, but not so skilfully executed and the version published by Miss Smirke in , to accompany her brother's plates, was merely a patchwork production made out of former translations.
On the latest, Mr. A. J. Duffield's, it would be in every sense of the word impertinent in me to offer an opinion here. I had not even seen it when the present undertaking was proposed to me, and since then I may say vidi tantum, having for obvious reasons resisted the temptation which Mr.
From the foregoing history of our translations of 'Don Quixote, it will be seen that there are a good many people who, provided they get the mere narrative with its full complement of facts, incidents, and adventures served up to them in a form that amuses them, care very little whether that form is the one in which Cervantes originally shaped his ideas.
On the other hand, it is clear that there are many who desire to have not merely the story he tells, but the story as he tells it, so far at least as differences of idiom and circumstances permit, and who will give a preference to the conscientious translator, even though he may have acquitted himself somewhat awkwardly.
But after all there is no real antagonism between the two classes there is no reason why what pleases the one should not please the other, or why a translator who makes it his aim to treat 'Don Quixote with the respect due to a great classic, should not be as acceptable even to the careless reader as the one who treats it as a famous old jestbook.
It is not a question of caviare to the general, or, if it is, the fault rests with him who makes so. The method by which Cervantes won the ear of the Spanish people ought, mutatis mutandis, to be equally effective with the great majority of English readers. At any rate, even if there are readers to whom it is a matter of indifference, fidelity to the method is as much a part of the translator's duty as fidelity to the matter.
If he can please all parties, so much the better but his first duty is to those who look to him for as faithful a representation of his author as it is in his power to give them, faithful to the letter so long as fidelity is practicable, faithful to the spirit so far as he can make it.
My purpose here is not to dogmatise on the rules of translation, but to indicate those I have followed, or at least tried to the best of my ability to follow, in the present instance. One which, it seems to me, cannot be too rigidly followed in translating 'Don Quixote, is to avoid everything that savours of affectation.
The book itself is, indeed, in one sense a protest against it, and no man abhorred it more than Cervantes. For this reason, I think, any temptation to use antiquated or obsolete language should be resisted. It is after all an affectation, and one for which there is no warrant or excuse.
Spanish has probably undergone less change since the seventeenth century than any language in Europe, and by far the greater and certainly the best part of 'Don Quixote differs but little in language from the colloquial Spanish of the present day. Except in the tales and Don Quixote's speeches, the translator who uses the simplest and plainest everyday language will almost always be the one who approaches nearest to the original.
Seeing that the story of 'Don Quixote and all its characters and incidents have now been for more than two centuries and a half familiar as household words in English mouths, it seems to me that the old familiar names and phrases should not be changed without good reason. Of course a translator who holds that 'Don Quixote should receive the treatment a great classic deserves, will feel himself bound by the injunction laid upon the Morisco in Chap.
Four generations had laughed over 'Don Quixote before it occurred to anyone to ask, who and what manner of man was this Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra whose name is on the titlepage and it was too late for a satisfactory answer to the question when it was proposed to add a life of the author to the London edition published at Lord Carteret's instance in .
Any floating traditions that may once have existed, transmitted from men who had known him, had long since died out, and of other record there was none for the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries were incurious as to 'the men of the time, a reproach against which the nineteenth has, at any rate, secured itself, if it has produced no Shakespeare or Cervantes.
All that Mayans y Siscar, to whom the task was entrusted, or any of those who followed him, Rios, Pellicer, or Navarrete, could do was to eke out the few allusions Cervantes makes to himself in his various prefaces with such pieces of documentary evidence bearing upon his life as they could find.
This, however, has been done by the lastnamed biographer to such good purpose that he has superseded all predecessors. Thoroughness is the chief characteristic of Navarrete's work. Besides sifting, testing, and methodising with rare patience and judgment what had been previously brought to light, he left, as the saying is, no stone unturned under which anything to illustrate his subject might possibly be found.
What Hallam says of Shakespeare may be applied to the almost parallel case of Cervantes 'It is not the register of his baptism, or the draft of his will, or the orthography of his name that we seek no letter of his writing, no record of his conversation, no character of him drawn ...
by a contemporary has been produced. It is only natural, therefore, that the biographers of Cervantes, forced to make brick without straw, should have recourse largely to conjecture, and that conjecture should in some instances come by degrees to take the place of established fact. All that I propose to do here is to separate what is matter of fact from what is matter of conjecture, and leave it to the reader's judgment to decide whether the data justify the inference or not.
The men whose names by common consent stand in the front rank of Spanish literature, Cervantes, Lope de Vega, Quevedo, Calderon, Garcilaso de la Vega, the Mendozas, Gongora, were all men of ancient families, and, curiously, all, except the last, of families that traced their origin to the same mountain district in the North of Spain.
The family of Cervantes is commonly said to have been of Galician origin, and unquestionably it was in possession of lands in Galicia at a very early date but I think the balance of the evidence tends to show that the 'solar, the original site of the family, was at Cervatos in the northwest corner of Old Castile, close to the junction of Castile, Leon, and the Asturias.
As it happens, there is a complete history of the Cervantes family from the tenth century down to the seventeenth extant under the title of 'Illustrious Ancestry, Glorious Deeds, and Noble Posterity of the Famous Nuno Alfonso, Alcaide of Toledo, written in  by the industrious genealogist Rodrigo Mendez Silva, who availed himself of a manuscript genealogy by Juan de Mena, the poet laureate and historiographer of John II.
The origin of the name Cervantes is curious. Nuno Alfonso was almost as distinguished in the struggle against the Moors in the reign of Alfonso VII as the Cid had been half a century before in that of Alfonso VI, and was rewarded by divers grants of land in the neighbourhood of Toledo.
On one of his acquisitions, about two leagues from the city, he built himself a castle which he called Cervatos, because 'he was lord of the solar of Cervatos in the Montana, as the mountain region extending from the Basque Provinces to Leon was always called. At his death in battle in , the castle passed by his will to his son Alfonso Munio, who, as territorial or local surnames were then coming into vogue in place of the simple patronymic, took the additional name of Cervatos.
Everyone who has paid even a flying visit to Toledo will remember the ruined castle that crowns the hill above the spot where the bridge of Alcntara spans the gorge of the Tagus, and with its broken outline and crumbling walls makes such an admirable pendant to the square solid Alcazar towering over the city roofs on the opposite side.
It was built, or as some say restored, by Alfonso VI shortly after his occupation of Toledo in , and called by him San Servando after a Spanish martyr, a name subsequently modified into San Servan (in which form it appears in the 'Poem of the Cid), San Servantes, and San Cervantes with regard to which last the 'Handbook for Spain warns its readers against the supposition that it has anything to do with the author of 'Don Quixote.
Ford, as all know who have taken him for a companion and counsellor on the roads of Spain, is seldom wrong in matters of literature or history. In this instance, however, he is in error. It has everything to do with the author of 'Don Quixote, for it is in fact these old walls that have given to Spain the name she is proudest of today.
Gonzalo, above mentioned, it may be readily conceived, did not relish the appropriation by his brother of a name to which he himself had an equal right, for though nominally taken from the castle, it was in reality derived from the ancient territorial possession of the family, and as a setoff, and to distinguish himself (diferenciarse) from his brother, he took as a surname the name of the castle on the bank of the Tagus, in the building of which, according to a family tradition, his greatgrandfather had a share.
Gonzalo himself, and apparently a son of his, followed Ferdinand III in the great campaign of  that gave Cordova and Seville to Christian Spain and penned up the Moors in the kingdom of Granada, and his descendants intermarried with some of the noblest families of the Peninsula and numbered among them soldiers, magistrates, and Church dignitaries, including at least two cardinalarchbishops.
Of the line that settled in Andalusia, Deigo de Cervantes, Commander of the Order of Santiago, married Juana Avellaneda, daughter of Juan Arias de Saavedra, and had several sons, of whom one was Gonzalo Gomez, Corregidor of Jerez and ancestor of the Mexican and Columbian branches of the family and another, Juan, whose son Rodrigo married Doa Leonor de Cortinas, and by her had four children, Rodrigo, Andrea, Luisa, and Miguel, our author.
The pedigree of Cervantes is not without its bearing on 'Don Quixote. A man who could look back upon an ancestry of genuine knightserrant extending from wellnigh the time of Pelayo to the siege of Granada was likely to have a strong feeling on the subject of the sham chivalry of the romances.
It gives a point, too, to what he says in more than one place about families that have once been great and have tapered away until they have come to nothing, like a pyramid. It was the case of his own. He was born at Alcal de Henares and baptised in the church of Santa Maria Mayor on the th of October, .
Of his boyhood and youth we know nothing, unless it be from the glimpse he gives us in the preface to his 'Comedies of himself as a boy looking on with delight while Lope de Rueda and his company set up their rude plank stage in the plaza and acted the rustic farces which he himself afterwards took as the model of his interludes.
This first glimpse, however, is a significant one, for it shows the early development of that love of the drama which exercised such an influence on his life and seems to have grown stronger as he grew older, and of which this very preface, written only a few months before his death, is such a striking proof.
He gives us to understand, too, that he was a great reader in his youth but of this no assurance was needed, for the First Part of 'Don Quixote alone proves a vast amount of miscellaneous reading, romances of chivalry, ballads, popular poetry, chronicles, for which he had no time or opportunity except in the first twenty years of his life and his misquotations and mistakes in matters of detail are always, it may be noticed, those of a man recalling the reading of his boyhood.
Other things besides the drama were in their infancy when Cervantes was a boy. The period of his boyhood was in every way a transition period for Spain. The old chivalrous Spain had passed away. The new Spain was the mightiest power the world had seen since the Roman Empire and it had not yet been called upon to pay the price of its greatness.
The nobles, who had always resisted absolutism as strenuously as they had fought the Moors, had been divested of all political power, a like fate had befallen the cities, the free constitutions of Castile and Aragon had been swept away, and the only function that remained to the Corts was that of granting money at the King's dictation.
The transition extended to literature. Men who, like Garcilaso de la Vega and Diego Hurtado de Mendoza, followed the Italian wars, had brought back from Italy the products of the postRenaissance literature, which took root and flourished and even threatened to extinguish the native growths. Damon and Thyrsis, Phyllis and Chloe had been fairly naturalised in Spain, together with all the devices of pastoral poetry for investing with an air of novelty the idea of a dispairing shepherd and inflexible shepherdess.
As a setoff against this, the old historical and traditional ballads, and the true pastorals, the songs and ballads of peasant life, were being collected assiduously and printed in the cancioneros that succeeded one another with increasing rapidity. But the most notable consequence, perhaps, of the spread of printing was the flood of romances of chivalry that had continued to pour from the press ever since Garci Ordoez de Montalvo had resuscitated 'Amadis of Gaul at the beginning of the century.
For a youth fond of reading, solid or light, there could have been no better spot in Spain than Alcal de Henares in the middle of the sixteenth century. It was then a busy, populous university town, something more than the enterprising rival of Salamanca, and altogether a very different place from the melancholy, silent, deserted Alcal the traveller sees now as he goes from Madrid to Saragossa.
If the boy was the father of the man, the sense of the incongruous that was strong at fifty was lively at ten, and some such reflections as these may have been the true genesis of 'Don Quixote. For his more solid education, we are told, he went to Salamanca.
But why Rodrigo de Cervantes, who was very poor, should have sent his son to a university a hundred and fifty miles away when he had one at his own door, would be a puzzle, if we had any reason for supposing that he did so. The only evidence is a vague statement by Professor Tomas Gonzalez, that he once saw an old entry of the matriculation of a Miguel de Cervantes.
This does not appear to have been ever seen again but even if it had, and if the date corresponded, it would prove nothing, as there were at least two other Miguels born about the middle of the century one of them, moreover, a Cervantes Saavedra, a cousin, no doubt, who was a source of great embarrassment to the biographers.
That he was a student neither at Salamanca nor at Alcal is best proved by his own works. No man drew more largely upon experience than he did, and he has nowhere left a single reminiscence of student lifefor the 'Tia Fingida, if it be his, is not onenothing, not even 'a college joke, to show that he remembered days that most men remember best.
All that we know positively about his education is that Juan Lopez de Hoyos, a professor of humanities and belleslettres of some eminence, calls him his 'dear and beloved pupil. This was in a little collection of verses by different hands on the death of Isabel de Valois, second queen of Philip II., published by the professor in , to which Cervantes contributed four pieces, including an elegy, and an epitaph in the form of a sonnet.
It is only by a rare chance that a 'Lycidas finds its way into a volume of this sort, and Cervantes was no Milton. His verses are no worse than such things usually are so much, at least, may be said for them. By the time the book appeared he had left Spain, and, as fate ordered it, for twelve years, the most eventful ones of his life.
Giulio, afterwards Cardinal, Acquaviva had been sent at the end of  to Philip II. by the Pope on a mission, partly of condolence, partly political, and on his return to Rome, which was somewhat brusquely expedited by the King, he took Cervantes with him as his camarero (chamberlain), the office he himself held in the Pope's household.
The post would no doubt have led to advancement at the Papal Court had Cervantes retained it, but in the summer of  he resigned it and enlisted as a private soldier in Captain Diego Urbina's company, belonging to Don Miguel de Moncada's regiment, but at that time forming a part of the command of Marc Antony Colonna.
It may well have been the latter, for it was a stirring time the events, however, which led to the alliance between Spain, Venice, and the Pope, against the common enemy, the Porte, and to the victory of the combined fleets at Lepanto, belong rather to the history of Europe than to the life of Cervantes.
He was one of those that sailed from Messina, in September , under the command of Don John of Austria but on the morning of the th of October, when the Turkish fleet was sighted, he was lying below ill with fever. At the news that the enemy was in sight he rose, and, in spite of the remonstrances of his comrades and superiors, insisted on taking his post, saying he preferred death in the service of God and the King to health.
His galley, the Marquesa, was in the thick of the fight, and before it was over he had received three gunshot wounds, two in the breast and one in the left hand or arm. On the morning after the battle, according to Navarrete, he had an interview with the commanderinchief, Don John, who was making a personal inspection of the wounded, one result of which was an addition of three crowns to his pay, and another, apparently, the friendship of his general.
How severely Cervantes was wounded may be inferred from the fact, that with youth, a vigorous frame, and as cheerful and buoyant a temperament as ever invalid had, he was seven months in hospital at Messina before he was discharged. He came out with his left hand permanently disabled he had lost the use of it, as Mercury told him in the 'Viaje del Parnaso for the greater glory of the right.
This, however, did not absolutely unfit him for service, and in April  he joined Manuel Ponce de Leon's company of Lope de Figueroa's regiment, in which, it seems probable, his brother Rodrigo was serving, and shared in the operations of the next three years, including the capture of the Goletta and Tunis.
Taking advantage of the lull which followed the recapture of these places by the Turks, he obtained leave to return to Spain, and sailed from Naples in September  on board the Sun galley, in company with his brother Rodrigo, Pedro Carrillo de Quesada, late Governor of the Goletta, and some others, and furnished with letters from Don John of Austria and the Duke of Sesa, the Viceroy of Sicily, recommending him to the King for the command of a company, on account of his services a dono infelice as events proved.
On the th they fell in with a squadron of Algerine galleys, and after a stout resistance were overpowered and carried into Algiers. By means of a ransomed fellowcaptive the brothers contrived to inform their family of their condition, and the poor people at Alcal at once strove to raise the ransom money, the father disposing of all he possessed, and the two sisters giving up their marriage portions.
The owner of Rodrigo, however, was more easily satisfied ransom was accepted in his case, and it was arranged between the brothers that he should return to Spain and procure a vessel in which he was to come back to Algiers and take off Miguel and as many of their comrades as possible.
Soon after the commencement of his captivity he induced several of his companions to join him in trying to reach Oran, then a Spanish post, on foot but after the first day's journey, the Moor who had agreed to act as their guide deserted them, and they had no choice but to return.
In a garden outside the city on the seashore, he constructed, with the help of the gardener, a Spaniard, a hidingplace, to which he brought, one by one, fourteen of his fellowcaptives, keeping them there in secrecy for several months, and supplying them with food through a renegade known as El Dorador, 'the Gilder.
How he, a captive himself, contrived to do all this, is one of the mysteries of the story. Wild as the project may appear, it was very nearly successful. The vessel procured by Rodrigo made its appearance off the coast, and under cover of night was proceeding to take off the refugees, when the crew were alarmed by a passing fishing boat, and beat a hasty retreat.
On renewing the attempt shortly afterwards, they, or a portion of them at least, were taken prisoners, and just as the poor fellows in the garden were exulting in the thought that in a few moments more freedom would be within their grasp, they found themselves surrounded by Turkish troops, horse and foot.
The Dorador had revealed the whole scheme to the Dey Hassan. When Cervantes saw what had befallen them, he charged his companions to lay all the blame upon him, and as they were being bound he declared aloud that the whole plot was of his contriving, and that nobody else had any share in it.
Brought before the Dey, he said the same. He was threatened with impalement and with torture and as cutting off ears and noses were playful freaks with the Algerines, it may be conceived what their tortures were like but nothing could make him swerve from his original statement that he and he alone was responsible.
The upshot was that the unhappy gardener was hanged by his master, and the prisoners taken possession of by the Dey, who, however, afterwards restored most of them to their masters, but kept Cervantes, paying Dali Mami  crowns for him. He felt, no doubt, that a man of such resource, energy, and daring, was too dangerous a piece of property to be left in private hands and he had him heavily ironed and lodged in his own prison.
If he thought that by these means he could break the spirit or shake the resolution of his prisoner, he was soon undeceived, for Cervantes contrived before long to despatch a letter to the Governor of Oran, entreating him to send him someone that could be trusted, to enable him and three other gentlemen, fellowcaptives of his, to make their escape intending evidently to renew his first attempt with a more trustworthy guide.
Unfortunately the Moor who carried the letter was stopped just outside Oran, and the letter being found upon him, he was sent back to Algiers, where by the order of the Dey he was promptly impaled as a warning to others, while Cervantes was condemned to receive two thousand blows of the stick, a number which most likely would have deprived the world of 'Don Quixote, had not some persons, who they were we know not, interceded on his behalf.
This time his plan was to purchase, by the aid of a Spanish renegade and two Valencian merchants resident in Algiers, an armed vessel in which he and about sixty of the leading captives were to make their escape but just as they were about to put it into execution one Doctor Juan Blanco de Paz, an ecclesiastic and a compatriot, informed the Dey of the plot.
Cervantes by force of character, by his selfdevotion, by his untiring energy and his exertions to lighten the lot of his companions in misery, had endeared himself to all, and become the leading spirit in the captive colony, and, incredible as it may seem, jealousy of his influence and the esteem in which he was held, moved this man to compass his destruction by a cruel death.
The merchants finding that the Dey knew all, and fearing that Cervantes under torture might make disclosures that would imperil their own lives, tried to persuade him to slip away on board a vessel that was on the point of sailing for Spain but he told them they had nothing to fear, for no tortures would make him compromise anybody, and he went at once and gave himself up to the Dey.
Everything was made ready for his immediate execution the halter was put round his neck and his hands tied behind him, but all that could be got from him was that he himself, with the help of four gentlemen who had since left Algiers, had arranged the whole, and that the sixty who were to accompany him were not to know anything of it until the last moment.
Finding he could make nothing of him, the Dey sent him back to prison more heavily ironed than before. The povertystricken Cervantes family had been all this time trying once more to raise the ransom money, and at last a sum of three hundred ducats was got together and entrusted to the Redemptorist Father Juan Gil, who was about to sail for Algiers.
He was already on board heavily ironed, when the Dey at length agreed to reduce his demand by onehalf, and Father Gil by borrowing was able to make up the amount, and on September , , after a captivity of five years all but a week, Cervantes was at last set free.
Before long he discovered that Blanco de Paz, who claimed to be an officer of the Inquisition, was now concocting on false evidence a charge of misconduct to be brought against him on his return to Spain. To checkmate him Cervantes drew up a series of twentyfive questions, covering the whole period of his captivity, upon which he requested Father Gil to take the depositions of credible witnesses before a notary.
There is something touching in the admiration, love, and gratitude we see struggling to find expression in the formal language of the notary, as they testify one after another to the good deeds of Cervantes, how he comforted and helped the weakhearted, how he kept up their drooping courage, how he shared his poor purse with this deponent, and how 'in him this deponent found father and mother.
He was in the expeditions to the Azores in  and the following year, and on the conclusion of the war returned to Spain in the autumn of , bringing with him the manuscript of his pastoral romance, the 'Galatea, and probably also, to judge by internal evidence, that of the first portion of 'Persiles and Sigismunda.
He also brought back with him, his biographers assert, an infant daughter, the offspring of an amour, as some of them with great circumstantiality inform us, with a Lisbon lady of noble birth, whose name, however, as well as that of the street she lived in, they omit to mention.
With his crippled left hand promotion in the army was hopeless, now that Don John was dead and he had no one to press his claims and services, and for a man drawing on to forty life in the ranks was a dismal prospect he had already a certain reputation as a poet he made up his mind, therefore, to cast his lot with literature, and for a first venture committed his 'Galatea to the press.
While it was going through the press, he married Doa Catalina de Palacios Salazar y Vozmediano, a lady of Esquivias near Madrid, and apparently a friend of the family, who brought him a fortune which may possibly have served to keep the wolf from the door, but if so, that was all.
The drama had by this time outgrown marketplace stages and strolling companies, and with his old love for it he naturally turned to it for a congenial employment. In about three years he wrote twenty or thirty plays, which he tells us were performed without any throwing of cucumbers or other missiles, and ran their course without any hisses, outcries, or disturbance.
Only two of them have been preserved, but as they happen to be two of the seven or eight he mentions with complacency, we may assume they are favourable specimens, and no one who reads the 'Numancia and the 'Trato de Argel will feel any surprise that they failed as acting dramas.
How completely they failed is manifest from the fact that with all his sanguine temperament and indomitable perseverance he was unable to maintain the struggle to gain a livelihood as a dramatist for more than three years nor was the rising popularity of Lope the cause, as is often said, notwithstanding his own words to the contrary.
It is an agreement with one Rodrigo Osorio, a manager, who was to accept six comedies at fifty ducats (about l.) apiece, not to be paid in any case unless it appeared on representation that the said comedy was one of the best that had ever been represented in Spain.
The test does not seem to have been ever applied perhaps it was sufficiently apparent to Rodrigo Osorio that the comedies were not among the best that had ever been represented. Among the correspondence of Cervantes there might have been found, no doubt, more than one letter like that we see in the 'Rake's Progress, 'Sir, I have read your play, and it will not doo.
He was more successful in a literary contest at Saragossa in  in honour of the canonisation of St. Jacinto, when his composition won the first prize, three silver spoons. The year before this he had been appointed a collector of revenues for the kingdom of Granada. In order to remit the money he had collected more conveniently to the treasury, he entrusted it to a merchant, who failed and absconded and as the bankrupt's assets were insufficient to cover the whole, he was sent to prison at Seville in September .
Nay, it may well be that on those journeys into remote regions he came across now and then a specimen of the pauper gentleman, with his lean hack and his greyhound and his books of chivalry, dreaming away his life in happy ignorance that the world had changed since his greatgrandfather's old helmet was new.
But it was in Seville that he found out his true vocation, though he himself would not by any means have admitted it to be so. It was there, in Triana, that he was first tempted to try his hand at drawing from life, and first brought his humour into play in the exquisite little sketch of 'Rinconete y Cortadillo, the germ, in more ways than one, of 'Don Quixote.
Where and when that was written, we cannot tell. After his imprisonment all trace of Cervantes in his official capacity disappears, from which it may be inferred that he was not reinstated. That he was still in Seville in November  appears from a satirical sonnet of his on the elaborate catafalque erected to testify the grief of the city at the death of Philip II, but from this up to  we have no clue to his movements.
The printing was finished in December, and the book came out with the new year, . It is often said that 'Don Quixote was at first received coldly. The facts show just the contrary. No sooner was it in the hands of the public than preparations were made to issue pirated editions at Lisbon and Valencia, and to bring out a second edition with the additional copyrights for Aragon and Portugal, which he secured in February.
No doubt it was received with something more than coldness by certain sections of the community. Men of wit, taste, and discrimination among the aristocracy gave it a hearty welcome, but the aristocracy in general were not likely to relish a book that turned their favourite reading into ridicule and laughed at so many of their favourite ideas.
The dramatists who gathered round Lope as their leader regarded Cervantes as their common enemy, and it is plain that he was equally obnoxious to the other clique, the culto poets who had Gongora for their chief. Navarrete, who knew nothing of the letter above mentioned, tries hard to show that the relations between Cervantes and Lope were of a very friendly sort, as indeed they were until 'Don Quixote was written.
In  Valladolid was made the seat of the Court, and at the beginning of  Cervantes had been summoned thither in connection with the balance due by him to the Treasury, which was still outstanding. He remained at Valladolid, apparently supporting himself by agencies and scrivener's work of some sort probably drafting petitions and drawing up statements of claims to be presented to the Council, and the like.
In these he himself is described as a man who wrote and transacted business, and it appears that his household then consisted of his wife, the natural daughter Isabel de Saavedra already mentioned, his sister Andrea, now a widow, her daughter Constanza, a mysterious Magdalena de Sotomayor calling herself his sister, for whom his biographers cannot account, and a servantmaid.
Meanwhile 'Don Quixote had been growing in favour, and its author's name was now known beyond the Pyrenees. In  an edition was printed at Brussels. Robles, the Madrid publisher, found it necessary to meet the demand by a third edition, the seventh in all, in . The popularity of the book in Italy was such that a Milan bookseller was led to bring out an edition in  and another was called for in Brussels in .
He had still by him one or two short tales of the same vintage as those he had inserted in 'Don Quixote and instead of continuing the adventures of Don Quixote, he set to work to write more of these 'Novelas Exemplares as he afterwards called them, with a view to making a book of them.
The novels were published in the summer of , with a dedication to the Conde de Lemos, the Maecenas of the day, and with one of those chatty confidential prefaces Cervantes was so fond of. In this, eight years and a half after the First Part of 'Don Quixote had appeared, we get the first hint of a forthcoming Second Part.
'You shall see shortly, he says, 'the further exploits of Don Quixote and humours of Sancho Panza. His idea of 'shortly was a somewhat elastic one, for, as we know by the date to Sancho's letter, he had barely onehalf of the book completed that time twelvemonth. But more than poems, or pastorals, or novels, it was his dramatic ambition that engrossed his thoughts.
The same indomitable spirit that kept him from despair in the bagnios of Algiers, and prompted him to attempt the escape of himself and his comrades again and again, made him persevere in spite of failure and discouragement in his efforts to win the ear of the public as a dramatist.
The temperament of Cervantes was essentially sanguine. The portrait he draws in the preface to the novels, with the aquiline features, chestnut hair, smooth untroubled forehead, and bright cheerful eyes, is the very portrait of a sanguine man. Nothing that the managers might say could persuade him that the merits of his plays would not be recognised at last if they were only given a fair chance.
He was to found a great national drama, based on the true principles of art, that was to be the envy of all nations he was to drive from the stage the silly, childish plays, the 'mirrors of nonsense and models of folly that were in vogue through the cupidity of the managers and shortsightedness of the authors he was to correct and educate the public taste until it was ripe for tragedies on the model of the Greek dramalike the 'Numancia for instanceand comedies that would not only amuse but improve and instruct.
All this he was to do, could he once get a hearing there was the initial difficulty. He shows plainly enough, too, that 'Don Quixote and the demolition of the chivalry romances was not the work that lay next his heart. He was, indeed, as he says himself in his preface, more a stepfather than a father to 'Don Quixote.
Never was great work so neglected by its author. That it was written carelessly, hastily, and by fits and starts, was not always his fault, but it seems clear he never read what he sent to the press. He knew how the printers had blundered, but he never took the trouble to correct them when the third edition was in progress, as a man who really cared for the child of his brain would have done.
He appears to have regarded the book as little more than a mere libro de entretenimiento, an amusing book, a thing, as he says in the 'Viaje, 'to divert the melancholy moody heart at any time or season. No doubt he had an affection for his hero, and was very proud of Sancho Panza.
It would have been strange indeed if he had not been proud of the most humorous creation in all fiction. He was proud, too, of the popularity and success of the book, and beyond measure delightful is the naivete with which he shows his pride in a dozen passages in the Second Part.
But it was not the success he coveted. In all probability he would have given all the success of 'Don Quixote, nay, would have seen every copy of 'Don Quixote burned in the Plaza Mayor, for one such success as Lope de Vega was enjoying on an average once a week.
And so he went on, dawdling over 'Don Quixote, adding a chapter now and again, and putting it aside to turn to 'Persiles and Sigismundawhich, as we know, was to be the most entertaining book in the language, and the rival of 'Theagenes and Charicleaor finishing off one of his darling comedies and if Robles asked when 'Don Quixote would be ready, the answer no doubt was En breveshortly, there was time enough for that.
He had got as far as Chapter LIX, which at his leisurely pace he could hardly have reached before October or November , when there was put into his hand a small octave lately printed at Tarragona, and calling itself 'Second Volume of the Ingenious Gentleman Don Quixote of La Mancha by the Licentiate Alonso Fernandez de Avellaneda of Tordesillas.
The last half of Chapter LIX and most of the following chapters of the Second Part give us some idea of the effect produced upon him, and his irritation was not likely to be lessened by the reflection that he had no one to blame but himself. Had Avellaneda, in fact, been content with merely bringing out a continuation to 'Don Quixote, Cervantes would have had no reasonable grievance.
His own intentions were expressed in the very vaguest language at the end of the book nay, in his last words, 'forse altro cantera con miglior plettro, he seems actually to invite someone else to continue the work, and he made no sign until eight years and a half had gone by by which time Avellaneda's volume was no doubt written.
In fact Cervantes had no case, or a very bad one, as far as the mere continuation was concerned. But Avellaneda chose to write a preface to it, full of such coarse personal abuse as only an illconditioned man could pour out. He taunts Cervantes with being old, with having lost his hand, with having been in prison, with being poor, with being friendless, accuses him of envy of Lope's success, of petulance and querulousness, and so on and it was in this that the sting lay.
Avellaneda's reason for this personal attack is obvious enough. Whoever he may have been, it is clear that he was one of the dramatists of Lope's school, for he has the impudence to charge Cervantes with attacking him as well as Lope in his criticism on the drama. His identification has exercised the best critics and baffled all the ingenuity and research that has been brought to bear on it.
Navarrete and Ticknor both incline to the belief that Cervantes knew who he was but I must say I think the anger he shows suggests an invisible assailant it is like the irritation of a man stung by a mosquito in the dark. Cervantes from certain solecisms of language pronounces him to be an Aragonese, and Pellicer, an Aragonese himself, supports this view and believes him, moreover, to have been an ecclesiastic, a Dominican probably.
He is, at best, a poor plagiarist all he can do is to follow slavishly the lead given him by Cervantes his only humour lies in making Don Quixote take inns for castles and fancy himself some legendary or historical personage, and Sancho mistake words, invert proverbs, and display his gluttony all through he shows a proclivity to coarseness and dirt, and he has contrived to introduce two tales filthier than anything by the sixteenth century novellieri and without their sprightliness.
But whatever Avellaneda and his book may be, we must not forget the debt we owe them. But for them, there can be no doubt, 'Don Quixote would have come to us a mere torso instead of a complete work. Even if Cervantes had finished the volume he had in hand, most assuredly he would have left off with a promise of a Third Part, giving the further adventures of Don Quixote and humours of Sancho Panza as shepherds.
It is plain that he had at one time an intention of dealing with the pastoral romances as he had dealt with the books of chivalry, and but for Avellaneda he would have tried to carry it out. But it is more likely that, with his plans, and projects, and hopefulness, the volume would have remained unfinished till his death, and that we should have never made the acquaintance of the Duke and Duchess, or gone with Sancho to Barataria.
From the moment the book came into his hands he seems to have been haunted by the fear that there might be more Avellanedas in the field, and putting everything else aside, he set himself to finish off his task and protect Don Quixote in the only way he could, by killing him.
The new volume was ready for the press in February, but was not printed till the very end of , and during the interval Cervantes put together the comedies and interludes he had written within the last few years, and, as he adds plaintively, found no demand for among the managers, and published them with a preface, worth the book it introduces tenfold, in which he gives an account of the early Spanish stage, and of his own attempts as a dramatist.
It is needless to say they were put forward by Cervantes in all good faith and full confidence in their merits. The reader, however, was not to suppose they were his last word or final effort in the drama, for he had in hand a comedy called 'Engano a los ojos, about which, if he mistook not, there would be no question.
Of this dramatic masterpiece the world has no opportunity of judging his health had been failing for some time, and he died, apparently of dropsy, on the rd of April, , the day on which England lost Shakespeare, nominally at least, for the English calendar had not yet been reformed.
He died as he had lived, accepting his lot bravely and cheerfully. Was it an unhappy life, that of Cervantes? His biographers all tell us that it was but I must say I doubt it. It was a hard life, a life of poverty, of incessant struggle, of toil ill paid, of disappointment, but Cervantes carried within himself the antidote to all these evils.
As for poverty, it was with him a thing to be laughed over, and the only sigh he ever allows to escape him is when he says, 'Happy he to whom Heaven has given a piece of bread for which he is not bound to give thanks to any but Heaven itself.
Add to all this his vital energy and mental activity, his restless invention and his sanguine temperament, and there will be reason enough to doubt whether his could have been a very unhappy life. He who could take Cervantes' distresses together with his apparatus for enduring them would not make so bad a bargain, perhaps, as far as happiness in life is concerned.
Of his burialplace nothing is known except that he was buried, in accordance with his will, in the neighbouring convent of Trinitarian nuns, of which it is supposed his daughter, Isabel de Saavedra, was an inmate, and that a few years afterwards the nuns removed to another convent, carrying their dead with them.
But whether the remains of Cervantes were included in the removal or not no one knows, and the clue to their restingplace is now lost beyond all hope. This furnishes perhaps the least defensible of the items in the charge of neglect brought against his contemporaries. In some of the others there is a good deal of exaggeration.
To listen to most of his biographers one would suppose that all Spain was in league not only against the man but against his memory, or at least that it was insensible to his merits, and left him to live in misery and die of want. To talk of his hard life and unworthy employments in Andalusia is absurd.
What had he done to distinguish him from thousands of other struggling men earning a precarious livelihood? True, he was a gallant soldier, who had been wounded and had undergone captivity and suffering in his country's cause, but there were hundreds of others in the same case. He had written a mediocre specimen of an insipid class of romance, and some plays which manifestly did not comply with the primary condition of pleasing were the playgoers to patronise plays that did not amuse them, because the author was to produce 'Don Quixote twenty years afterwards?
The scramble for copies which, as we have seen, followed immediately on the appearance of the book, does not look like general insensibility to its merits. No doubt it was received coldly by some, but if a man writes a book in ridicule of periwigs he must make his account with being coldly received by the periwig wearers and hated by the whole tribe of wigmakers.
If Cervantes had the chivalryromance readers, the sentimentalists, the dramatists, and the poets of the period all against him, it was because 'Don Quixote was what it was and if the general public did not come forward to make him comfortable for the rest of his days, it is no more to be charged with neglect and ingratitude than the Englishspeaking public that did not pay off Scott's liabilities.
It has been also made a reproach to Spain that she has erected no monument to the man she is proudest of no monument, that is to say, of him for the bronze statue in the little garden of the Plaza de las Corts, a fair work of art no doubt, and unexceptionable had it been set up to the local poet in the marketplace of some provincial town, is not worthy of Cervantes or of Madrid.
But what need has Cervantes of 'such weak witness of his name or what could a monument do in his case except testify to the selfglorification of those who had put it up? Si monumentum quoeris, circumspice. The nearest bookseller's shop will show what bathos there would be in a monument to the author of 'Don Quixote.
Nine editions of the First Part of 'Don Quixote had already appeared before Cervantes died, thirty thousand copies in all, according to his own estimate, and a tenth was printed at Barcelona the year after his death. So large a number naturally supplied the demand for some time, but by  it appears to have been exhausted and from that time down to the present day the stream of editions has continued to flow rapidly and regularly.
The translations show still more clearly in what request the book has been from the very outset. In seven years from the completion of the work it had been translated into the four leading languages of Europe. Except the Bible, in fact, no book has been so widely diffused as 'Don Quixote.
The 'Imitatio Christi may have been translated into as many different languages, and perhaps 'Robinson Crusoe and the 'Vicar of Wakefield into nearly as many, but in multiplicity of translations and editions 'Don Quixote leaves them all far behind. Still more remarkable is the character of this wide diffusion. 'Don Quixote has been thoroughly naturalised among people whose ideas about knighterrantry, if they had any at all, were of the vaguest, who had never seen or heard of a book of chivalry, who could not possibly feel the humour of the burlesque or sympathise with the author's purpose.
Another curious fact is that this, the most cosmopolitan book in the world, is one of the most intensely national. 'Manon Lescaut is not more thoroughly French, 'Tom Jones not more English, 'Rob Roy not more Scotch, than 'Don Quixote is Spanish, in character, in ideas, in sentiment, in local colour, in everything.
What, then, is the secret of this unparalleled popularity, increasing year by year for wellnigh three centuries? One explanation, no doubt, is that of all the books in the world, 'Don Quixote is the most catholic. There is something in it for every sort of reader, young or old, sage or simple, high or low.
As Cervantes himself says with a touch of pride, 'It is thumbed and read and got by heart by people of all sorts the children turn its leaves, the young people read it, the grown men understand it, the old folk praise it. But it would be idle to deny that the ingredient which, more than its humour, or its wisdom, or the fertility of invention or knowledge of human nature it displays, has insured its success with the multitude, is the vein of farce that runs through it.
It was the attack upon the sheep, the battle with the wineskins, Mambrino's helmet, the balsam of Fierabras, Don Quixote knocked over by the sails of the windmill, Sancho tossed in the blanket, the mishaps and misadventures of master and man, that were originally the great attraction, and perhaps are so still to some extent with the majority of readers.
All the editions printed in Spain from  to , when the famous printer Ibarra took it up, were mere trade editions, badly and carelessly printed on vile paper and got up in the style of chapbooks intended only for popular use, with, in most instances, uncouth illustrations and claptrap additions by the publisher.
It produced 'Don Quixote in becoming form as regards paper and type, and embellished with plates which, if not particularly happy as illustrations, were at least well intentioned and well executed, but it also aimed at correctness of text, a matter to which nobody except the editors of the Valencia and Brussels editions had given even a passing thought and for a first attempt it was fairly successful, for though some of its emendations are inadmissible, a good many of them have been adopted by all subsequent editors.
The humour was not entirely denied, but, according to the new view, it was rated as an altogether secondary quality, a mere accessory, nothing more than the stalkinghorse under the presentation of which Cervantes shot his philosophy or his satire, or whatever it was he meant to shoot for on this point opinions varied.
All were agreed, however, that the object he aimed at was not the books of chivalry. He said emphatically in the preface to the First Part and in the last sentence of the Second, that he had no other object in view than to discredit these books, and this, to advanced criticism, made it clear that his object must have been something else.
One theory was that the book was a kind of allegory, setting forth the eternal struggle between the ideal and the real, between the spirit of poetry and the spirit of prose and perhaps German philosophy never evolved a more ungainly or unlikely camel out of the depths of its inner consciousness.
Something of the antagonism, no doubt, is to be found in 'Don Quixote, because it is to be found everywhere in life, and Cervantes drew from life. It is difficult to imagine a community in which the neverceasing game of crosspurposes between Sancho Panza and Don Quixote would not be recognised as true to nature.
But to suppose Cervantes deliberately setting himself to expound any such idea in two stout quarto volumes is to suppose something not only very unlike the age in which he lived, but altogether unlike Cervantes himself, who would have been the first to laugh at an attempt of the sort made by anyone else.
The extraordinary influence of the romances of chivalry in his day is quite enough to account for the genesis of the book. Some idea of the prodigious development of this branch of literature in the sixteenth century may be obtained from the scrutiny of Chapter VII, if the reader bears in mind that only a portion of the romances belonging to by far the largest group are enumerated.
As to its effect upon the nation, there is abundant evidence. From the time when the Amadises and Palmerins began to grow popular down to the very end of the century, there is a steady stream of invective, from men whose character and position lend weight to their words, against the romances of chivalry and the infatuation of their readers.
Ridicule was the only besom to sweep away that dust. That this was the task Cervantes set himself, and that he had ample provocation to urge him to it, will be sufficiently clear to those who look into the evidence as it will be also that it was not chivalry itself that he attacked and swept away.
Of all the absurdities that, thanks to poetry, will be repeated to the end of time, there is no greater one than saying that 'Cervantes smiled Spain's chivalry away. In the first place there was no chivalry for him to smile away. Spain's chivalry had been dead for more than a century.
The true nature of the 'right arm and the 'bright array, before which, according to the poet, 'the world gave ground, and which Cervantes' single laugh demolished, may be gathered from the words of one of his own countrymen, Don Felix Pacheco, as reported by Captain George Carleton, in his 'Military Memoirs from  to .
'Before the appearance in the world of that labour of Cervantes, he said, 'it was next to an impossibility for a man to walk the streets with any delight or without danger. There were seen so many cavaliers prancing and curvetting before the windows of their mistresses, that a stranger would have imagined the whole nation to have been nothing less than a race of knighterrants.
But after the world became a little acquainted with that notable history, the man that was seen in that once celebrated drapery was pointed at as a Don Quixote, and found himself the jest of high and low. And I verily believe that to this, and this only, we owe that dampness and poverty of spirit which has run through all our councils for a century past, so little agreeable to those nobler actions of our famous ancestors.
But it preaches nothing of the sort its moral, so far as it can be said to have one, is that the spurious enthusiasm that is born of vanity and selfconceit, that is made an end in itself, not a means to an end, that acts on mere impulse, regardless of circumstances and consequences, is mischievous to its owner, and a very considerable nuisance to the community at large.
A very slight examination of the structure of 'Don Quixote will suffice to show that Cervantes had no deep design or elaborate plan in his mind when he began the book. When he wrote those lines in which 'with a few strokes of a great master he sets before us the pauper gentleman, he had no idea of the goal to which his imagination was leading him.
There can be little doubt that all he contemplated was a short tale to range with those he had already written, a tale setting forth the ludicrous results that might be expected to follow the attempt of a crazy gentleman to act the part of a knighterrant in modern life.
It is plain, for one thing, that Sancho Panza did not enter into the original scheme, for had Cervantes thought of him he certainly would not have omitted him in his hero's outfit, which he obviously meant to be complete. Him we owe to the landlord's chance remark in Chapter III that knights seldom travelled without squires.
To try to think of a Don Quixote without Sancho Panza is like trying to think of a onebladed pair of scissors. The story was written at first, like the others, without any division and without the intervention of Cid Hamete Benengeli and it seems not unlikely that Cervantes had some intention of bringing Dulcinea, or Aldonza Lorenzo, on the scene in person.
It was probably the ransacking of the Don's library and the discussion on the books of chivalry that first suggested it to him that his idea was capable of development. What, if instead of a mere string of farcical misadventures, he were to make his tale a burlesque of one of these books, caricaturing their style, incidents, and spirit?
In pursuance of this change of plan, he hastily and somewhat clumsily divided what he had written into chapters on the model of 'Amadis, invented the fable of a mysterious Arabic manuscript, and set up Cid Hamete Benengeli in imitation of the almost invariable practice of the chivalryromance authors, who were fond of tracing their books to some recondite source.
In working out the new ideas, he soon found the value of Sancho Panza. Indeed, the keynote, not only to Sancho's part, but to the whole book, is struck in the first words Sancho utters when he announces his intention of taking his ass with him. 'About the ass, we are told, 'Don Quixote hesitated a little, trying whether he could call to mind any knighterrant taking with him an esquire mounted on assback but no instance occurred to his memory.
We can see the whole scene at a glance, the stolid unconsciousness of Sancho and the perplexity of his master, upon whose perception the incongruity has just forced itself. This is Sancho's mission throughout the book he is an unconscious Mephistopheles, always unwittingly making mockery of his master's aspirations, always exposing the fallacy of his ideas by some unintentional ad absurdum, always bringing him back to the world of fact and commonplace by force of sheer stolidity.
By the time Cervantes had got his volume of novels off his hands, and summoned up resolution enough to set about the Second Part in earnest, the case was very much altered. Don Quixote and Sancho Panza had not merely found favour, but had already become, what they have never since ceased to be, veritable entities to the popular imagination.
There was no occasion for him now to interpolate extraneous matter nay, his readers told him plainly that what they wanted of him was more Don Quixote and more Sancho Panza, and not novels, tales, or digressions. To himself, too, his creations had become realities, and he had become proud of them, especially of Sancho.
He began the Second Part, therefore, under very different conditions, and the difference makes itself manifest at once. Even in translation the style will be seen to be far easier, more flowing, more natural, and more like that of a man sure of himself and of his audience. Don Quixote and Sancho undergo a change also.
In the First Part, Don Quixote has no character or individuality whatever. He is nothing more than a crazy representative of the sentiments of the chivalry romances. In all that he says and does he is simply repeating the lesson he has learned from his books and therefore, it is absurd to speak of him in the gushing strain of the sentimental critics when they dilate upon his nobleness, disinterestedness, dauntless courage, and so forth.
It was the business of a knighterrant to right wrongs, redress injuries, and succour the distressed, and this, as a matter of course, he makes his business when he takes up the part a knighterrant was bound to be intrepid, and so he feels bound to cast fear aside. Of all Byron's melodious nonsense about Don Quixote, the most nonsensical statement is that ''tis his virtue makes him mad!
In the Second Part, Cervantes repeatedly reminds the reader, as if it was a point upon which he was anxious there should be no mistake, that his hero's madness is strictly confined to delusions on the subject of chivalry, and that on every other subject he is discreto, one, in fact, whose faculty of discernment is in perfect order.
The advantage of this is that he is enabled to make use of Don Quixote as a mouthpiece for his own reflections, and so, without seeming to digress, allow himself the relief of digression when he requires it, as freely as in a commonplace book. It is true the amount of individuality bestowed upon Don Quixote is not very great.
There are some natural touches of character about him, such as his mixture of irascibility and placability, and his curious affection for Sancho together with his impatience of the squire's loquacity and impertinence but in the main, apart from his craze, he is little more than a thoughtful, cultured gentleman, with instinctive good taste and a great deal of shrewdness and originality of mind.
As to Sancho, it is plain, from the concluding words of the preface to the First Part, that he was a favourite with his creator even before he had been taken into favour by the public. An inferior genius, taking him in hand a second time, would very likely have tried to improve him by making him more comical, clever, amiable, or virtuous.
Sancho, when he reappears, is the old Sancho with the old familiar features but with a difference they have been brought out more distinctly, but at the same time with a careful avoidance of anything like caricature the outline has been filled in where filling in was necessary, and, vivified by a few touches of a master's hand, Sancho stands before us as he might in a character portrait by Velazquez.
He is a much more important and prominent figure in the Second Part than in the First indeed, it is his matchless mendacity about Dulcinea that to a great extent supplies the action of the story. His development in this respect is as remarkable as in any other. In the First Part he displays a great natural gift of lying.
His lies are not of the highly imaginative sort that liars in fiction commonly indulge in like Falstaff's, they resemble the father that begets them they are simple, homely, plump lies plain working lies, in short. But in the service of such a master as Don Quixote he develops rapidly, as we see when he comes to palm off the three country wenches as Dulcinea and her ladies in waiting.
It is worth noticing how, flushed by his success in this instance, he is tempted afterwards to try a flight beyond his powers in his account of the journey on Clavileo. In the Second Part it is the spirit rather than the incidents of the chivalry romances that is the subject of the burlesque.
Enchantments of the sort travestied in those of Dulcinea and the Trifaldi and the cave of Montesinos play a leading part in the later and inferior romances, and another distinguishing feature is caricatured in Don Quixote's blind adoration of Dulcinea. In the romances of chivalry love is either a mere animalism or a fantastic idolatry.
Only a coarseminded man would care to make merry with the former, but to one of Cervantes' humour the latter was naturally an attractive subject for ridicule. Like everything else in these romances, it is a gross exaggeration of the real sentiment of chivalry, but its peculiar extravagance is probably due to the influence of those masters of hyperbole, the Provencal poets.
By keeping Dulcinea in the background, and making her a vague shadowy being of whose very existence we are left in doubt, he invests Don Quixote's worship of her virtues and charms with an additional extravagance, and gives still more point to the caricature of the sentiment and language of the romances.
One of the great merits of 'Don Quixote, and one of the qualities that have secured its acceptance by all classes of readers and made it the most cosmopolitan of books, is its simplicity. There are, of course, points obvious enough to a Spanish seventeenth century audience which do not immediately strike a reader nowadays, and Cervantes often takes it for granted that an allusion will be generally understood which is only intelligible to a few.
For example, on many of his readers in Spain, and most of his readers out of it, the significance of his choice of a country for his hero is completely lost. It would be going too far to say that no one can thoroughly comprehend 'Don Quixote without having seen La Mancha, but undoubtedly even a glimpse of La Mancha will give an insight into the meaning of Cervantes such as no commentator can give.
Of all the regions of Spain it is the last that would suggest the idea of romance. Of all the dull central plateau of the Peninsula it is the dullest tract. There is something impressive about the grim solitudes of Estremadura and if the plains of Leon and Old Castile are bald and dreary, they are studded with old cities renowned in history and rich in relics of the past.
But there is no redeeming feature in the Manchegan landscape it has all the sameness of the desert without its dignity the few towns and villages that break its monotony are mean and commonplace, there is nothing venerable about them, they have not even the picturesqueness of poverty indeed, Don Quixote's own village, Argamasilla, has a sort of oppressive respectability in the prim regularity of its streets and houses everything is ignoble the very windmills are the ugliest and shabbiest of the windmill kind.
La Mancha as the knight's country and scene of his chivalries is of a piece with the pasteboard helmet, the farmlabourer on assback for a squire, knighthood conferred by a rascally ventero, convicts taken for victims of oppression, and the rest of the incongruities between Don Quixote's world and the world he lived in, between things as he saw them and things as they were.
It is strange that this element of incongruity, underlying the whole humour and purpose of the book, should have been so little heeded by the majority of those who have undertaken to interpret 'Don Quixote. It has been completely overlooked, for example, by the illustrators. To be sure, the great majority of the artists who illustrated 'Don Quixote knew nothing whatever of Spain.
To them a venta conveyed no idea but the abstract one of a roadside inn, and they could not therefore do full justice to the humour of Don Quixote's misconception in taking it for a castle, or perceive the remoteness of all its realities from his ideal. But even when better informed they seem to have no apprehension of the full force of the discrepancy.
Whether or not the Venta de Quesada on the Seville road is, as tradition maintains, the inn described in 'Don Quixote, beyond all question it was just such an innyard as the one behind it that Cervantes had in his mind's eye, and it was on just such a rude stone trough as that beside the primitive drawwell in the corner that he meant Don Quixote to deposit his armour.
Gustave Dor makes it an elaborate fountain such as no arriero ever watered his mules at in the corral of any venta in Spain, and thereby entirely misses the point aimed at by Cervantes. It is the mean, prosaic, commonplace character of all the surroundings and circumstances that gives a significance to Don Quixote's vigil and the ceremony that follows.
Cervantes' humour is for the most part of that broader and simpler sort, the strength of which lies in the perception of the incongruous. It is the incongruity of Sancho in all his ways, words, and works, with the ideas and aims of his master, quite as much as the wonderful vitality and truth to nature of the character, that makes him the most humorous creation in the whole range of fiction.
That unsmiling gravity of which Cervantes was the first great master, 'Cervantes' serious air, which sits naturally on Swift alone, perhaps, of later humourists, is essential to this kind of humour, and here again Cervantes has suffered at the hands of his interpreters. Nothing, unless indeed the coarse buffoonery of Phillips, could be more out of place in an attempt to represent Cervantes, than a flippant, wouldbe facetious style, like that of Motteux's version for example, or the sprightly, jaunty air, French translators sometimes adopt.
It is the grave matteroffactness of the narrative, and the apparent unconsciousness of the author that he is saying anything ludicrous, anything but the merest commonplace, that give its peculiar flavour to the humour of Cervantes. His, in fact, is the exact opposite of the humour of Sterne and the selfconscious humourists.
He and Swift and the great humourists always keep themselves out of sight, or, more properly speaking, never think about themselves at all, unlike our latterday school of humourists, who seem to have revived the old horsecollar method, and try to raise a laugh by some grotesque assumption of ignorance, imbecility, or bad taste.
It is true that to do full justice to Spanish humour in any other language is wellnigh an impossibility. There is a natural gravity and a sonorous stateliness about Spanish, be it ever so colloquial, that make an absurdity doubly absurd, and give plausibility to the most preposterous statement. This is what makes Sancho Panza's drollery the despair of the conscientious translator.
Sancho's curt comments can never fall flat, but they lose half their flavour when transferred from their native Castilian into any other medium. But if foreigners have failed to do justice to the humour of Cervantes, they are no worse than his own countrymen. Indeed, were it not for the Spanish peasant's relish of 'Don Quixote, one might be tempted to think that the great humourist was not looked upon as a humourist at all in his own country.
The craze of Don Quixote seems, in some instances, to have communicated itself to his critics, making them see things that are not in the book and run full tilt at phantoms that have no existence save in their own imaginations. Like a good many critics nowadays, they forget that screams are not criticism, and that it is only vulgar tastes that are influenced by strings of superlatives, threepiled hyperboles, and pompous epithets.
But what strikes one as particularly strange is that while they deal in extravagant eulogies, and ascribe all manner of imaginary ideas and qualities to Cervantes, they show no perception of the quality that ninetynine out of a hundred of his readers would rate highest in him, and hold to be the one that raises him above all rivalry.
To speak of 'Don Quixote as if it were merely a humorous book would be a manifest misdescription. Cervantes at times makes it a kind of commonplace book for occasional essays and criticisms, or for the observations and reflections and gathered wisdom of a long and stirring life. It is a mine of shrewd observation on mankind and human nature.
Among modern novels there may be, here and there, more elaborate studies of character, but there is no book richer in individualised character. What Coleridge said of Shakespeare in minimis is true of Cervantes he never, even for the most temporary purpose, puts forward a lay figure. There is life and individuality in all his characters, however little they may have to do, or however short a time they may be before the reader.
Even poor Maritornes, with her deplorable morals, has a kind heart of her own and 'some faint and distant resemblance to a Christian about her and as for Sancho, though on dissection we fail to find a lovable trait in him, unless it be a sort of doglike affection for his master, who is there that in his heart does not love him?
But it is, after all, the humour of 'Don Quixote that distinguishes it from all other books of the romance kind. It is this that makes it, as one of the most judicialminded of modern critics calls it, 'the best novel in the world beyond all comparison. It is its varied humour, ranging from broad farce to comedy as subtle as Shakespeare's or Molire's that has naturalised it in every country where there are readers, and made it a classic in every language that has a literature.
But I could not counteract Nature's law that everything shall beget its like and what, then, could this sterile, illtilled wit of mine beget but the story of a dry, shrivelled, whimsical offspring, full of thoughts of all sorts and such as never came into any other imaginationjust what might be begotten in a prison, where every misery is lodged and every doleful sound makes its dwelling?
Tranquillity, a cheerful retreat, pleasant fields, bright skies, murmuring brooks, peace of mind, these are the things that go far to make even the most barren muses fertile, and bring into the world births that fill it with wonder and delight. Sometimes when a father has an ugly, loutish son, the love he bears him so blindfolds his eyes that he does not see his defects, or, rather, takes them for gifts and charms of mind and body, and talks of them to his friends as wit and grace.
I, howeverfor though I pass for the father, I am but the stepfather to 'Don Quixotehave no desire to go with the current of custom, or to implore thee, dearest reader, almost with tears in my eyes, as others do, to pardon or excuse the defects thou wilt perceive in this child of mine.
Thou art neither its kinsman nor its friend, thy soul is thine own and thy will as free as any man's, whate'er he be, thou art in thine own house and master of it as much as the king of his taxes and thou knowest the common saying, 'Under my cloak I kill the king all which exempts and frees thee from every consideration and obligation, and thou canst say what thou wilt of the story without fear of being abused for any ill or rewarded for any good thou mayest say of it.
My wish would be simply to present it to thee plain and unadorned, without any embellishment of preface or uncountable muster of customary sonnets, epigrams, and eulogies, such as are commonly put at the beginning of books. For I can tell thee, though composing it cost me some labour, I found none greater than the making of this Preface thou art now reading.
And then, when they quote the Holy Scriptures!anyone would say they are St. Thomases or other doctors of the Church, observing as they do a decorum so ingenious that in one sentence they describe a distracted lover and in the next deliver a devout little sermon that it is a pleasure and a treat to hear and read.
Of all this there will be nothing in my book, for I have nothing to quote in the margin or to note at the end, and still less do I know what authors I follow in it, to place them at the beginning, as all do, under the letters A, B, C, beginning with Aristotle and ending with Xenophon, or Zoilus, or Zeuxis, though one was a slanderer and the other a painter.
Also my book must do without sonnets at the beginning, at least sonnets whose authors are dukes, marquises, counts, bishops, ladies, or famous poets. Though if I were to ask two or three obliging friends, I know they would give me them, and such as the productions of those that have the highest reputation in our Spain could not equal.
'In short, my friend, I continued, 'I am determined that Seor Don Quixote shall remain buried in the archives of his own La Mancha until Heaven provide someone to garnish him with all those things he stands in need of because I find myself, through my shallowness and want of learning, unequal to supplying them, and because I am by nature shy and careless about hunting for authors to say what I myself can say without them.
Hearing this, my friend, giving himself a slap on the forehead and breaking into a hearty laugh, exclaimed, 'Before God, Brother, now am I disabused of an error in which I have been living all this long time I have known you, all through which I have taken you to be shrewd and sensible in all you do but now I see you are as far from that as the heaven is from the earth.
Is it possible that things of so little moment and so easy to set right can occupy and perplex a ripe wit like yours, fit to break through and crush far greater obstacles? By my faith, this comes, not of any want of ability, but of too much indolence and too little knowledge of life.
Well, then, attend to me, and you will see how, in the opening and shutting of an eye, I sweep away all your difficulties, and supply all those deficiencies which you say check and discourage you from bringing before the world the story of your famous Don Quixote, the light and mirror of all knighterrantry.
'If it be friendship and the love God bids us bear to our enemy, go at once to the Holy Scriptures, which you can do with a very small amount of research, and quote no less than the words of God himself Ego autem dico vobis diligite inimicos vestros. If you speak of evil thoughts, turn to the Gospel De corde exeunt cogitationes mal.
If of the fickleness of friends, there is Cato, who will give you his distich Donec eris felix multos numerabis amicos, Tempora si fuerint nubila, solus eris. 'With these and such like bits of Latin they will take you for a grammarian at all events, and that nowadays is no small honour and profit.
If you mention any giant in your book contrive that it shall be the giant Goliath, and with this alone, which will cost you almost nothing, you have a grand note, for you can putThe giant Golias or Goliath was a Philistine whom the shepherd David slew by a mighty stonecast in the Terebinth valley, as is related in the Book of Kingsin the chapter where you find it written.
'Next, to prove yourself a man of erudition in polite literature and cosmography, manage that the river Tagus shall be named in your story, and there you are at once with another famous annotation, setting forthThe river Tagus was so called after a King of Spain it has its source in such and such a place and falls into the ocean, kissing the walls of the famous city of Lisbon, and it is a common belief that it has golden sands, etc.
If you should have anything to do with robbers, I will give you the story of Cacus, for I have it by heart if with loose women, there is the Bishop of Mondonedo, who will give you the loan of Lamia, Laida, and Flora, any reference to whom will bring you great credit if with hardhearted ones, Ovid will furnish you with Medea if with witches or enchantresses, Homer has Calypso, and Virgil Circe if with valiant captains, Julius Csar himself will lend you himself in his own 'Commentaries,' and Plutarch will give you a thousand Alexanders.
If you should deal with love, with two ounces you may know of Tuscan you can go to Leon the Hebrew, who will supply you to your heart's content or if you should not care to go to foreign countries you have at home Fonseca's 'Of the Love of God,' in which is condensed all that you or the most imaginative mind can want on the subject.
In short, all you have to do is to manage to quote these names, or refer to these stories I have mentioned, and leave it to me to insert the annotations and quotations, and I swear by all that's good to fill your margins and use up four sheets at the end of the book.
The remedy for this is very simple You have only to look out for some book that quotes them all, from A to Z as you say yourself, and then insert the very same alphabet in your book, and though the imposition may be plain to see, because you have so little need to borrow from them, that is no matter there will probably be some simple enough to believe that you have made use of them all in this plain, artless story of yours.
Besides, no one will trouble himself to verify whether you have followed them or whether you have not, being no way concerned in it especially as, if I mistake not, this book of yours has no need of any one of those things you say it wants, for it is, from beginning to end, an attack upon the books of chivalry, of which Aristotle never dreamt, nor St.
Basil said a word, nor Cicero had any knowledge nor do the niceties of truth nor the observations of astrology come within the range of its fanciful vagaries nor have geometrical measurements or refutations of the arguments used in rhetoric anything to do with it nor does it mean to preach to anybody, mixing up things human and divine, a sort of motley in which no Christian understanding should dress itself.
And as this piece of yours aims at nothing more than to destroy the authority and influence which books of chivalry have in the world and with the public, there is no need for you to go abegging for aphorisms from philosophers, precepts from Holy Scripture, fables from poets, speeches from orators, or miracles from saints but merely to take care that your style and diction run musically, pleasantly, and plainly, with clear, proper, and wellplaced words, setting forth your purpose to the best of your power, and putting your ideas intelligibly, without confusion or obscurity.
Strive, too, that in reading your story the melancholy may be moved to laughter, and the merry made merrier still that the simple shall not be wearied, that the judicious shall admire the invention, that the grave shall not despise it, nor the wise fail to praise it. Finally, keep your aim fixed on the destruction of that illfounded edifice of the books of chivalry, hated by some and praised by many more for if you succeed in this you will have achieved no small success.
I have no desire to magnify the service I render thee in making thee acquainted with so renowned and honoured a knight, but I do desire thy thanks for the acquaintance thou wilt make with the famous Sancho Panza, his squire, in whom, to my thinking, I have given thee condensed all the squirely drolleries that are scattered through the swarm of the vain books of chivalry.
And somay God give thee health, and not forget me. Vale. To the book of Don Quixote of la Mancha If to be welcomed by the good, O Book! thou make thy steady aim, No empty chatterer will dare To question or dispute thy claim. But if perchance thou hast a mind To win of idiots approbation, Lost labour will be thy reward, Though they'll pretend appreciation.
They say a goodly shade he finds Who shelters 'neath a goodly tree And such a one thy kindly star In Bejar bath provided thee A royal tree whose spreading boughs A show of princely fruit display A tree that bears a noble Duke, The Alexander of his day. Of a Manchegan gentleman Thy purpose is to tell the story, Relating how he lost his wits O'er idle tales of love and glory, Of 'ladies, arms, and cavaliers A new Orlando Furioso Innamorato, ratherwho Won Dulcinea del Toboso.
Put no vain emblems on thy shield All figuresthat is bragging play. A modest dedication make, And give no scoffer room to say, 'What! lvaro de Luna here? Or is it Hannibal again? Or does King Francis at Madrid Once more of destiny complain? Since Heaven it hath not pleased on thee Deep erudition to bestow, Or black Latino's gift of tongues, No Latin let thy pages show.
Ape not philosophy or wit, Lest one who cannot comprehend, Make a wry face at thee and ask, 'Why offer flowers to me, my friend? Be not a meddler no affair Of thine the life thy neighbours lead Be prudent oft the random jest Recoils upon the jester's head. Thy constant labour let it be To earn thyself an honest name, For fooleries preserved in print Are perpetuity of shame.
A further counsel bear in mind If that thy roof be made of glass, It shows small wit to pick up stones To pelt the people as they pass. Win the attention of the wise, And give the thinker food for thought Whoso indites frivolities, Will but by simpletons be sought.
To Don Quixote of la Mancha SONNET Thou that didst imitate that life of mine When I in lonely sadness on the great Rock Pea Pobre sat disconsolate, In selfimposed penance there to pine Thou, whose sole beverage was the bitter brine Of thine own tears, and who withouten plate Of silver, copper, tin, in lowly state Off the bare earth and on earth's fruits didst dine Live thou, of thine eternal glory sure.
To Don Quixote of la Mancha SONNET In slashing, hewing, cleaving, word and deed, I was the foremost knight of chivalry, Stout, bold, expert, as e'er the world did see Thousands from the oppressor's wrong I freed Great were my feats, eternal fame their meed In love I proved my truth and loyalty The hugest giant was a dwarf for me Ever to knighthood's laws gave I good heed.
My mastery the Fickle Goddess owned, And even Chance, submitting to control, Grasped by the forelock, yielded to my will. Yetthough above yon horned moon enthroned My fortune seems to sitgreat Quixote, still Envy of thy achievements fills my soul. To Dulcinea del Toboso SONNET Oh, fairest Dulcinea, could it be!
It were a pleasant fancy to suppose so Could Miraflores change to El Toboso, And London's town to that which shelters thee! Oh, could mine but acquire that livery Of countless charms thy mind and body show so! Or him, now famous grownthou mad'st him grow so Thy knight, in some dread combat could I see!
Oh, could I be released from Amadis By exercise of such coy chastity As led thee gentle Quixote to dismiss! Then would my heavy sorrow turn to joy None would I envy, all would envy me, And happiness be mine without alloy. To Sancho Panza, squire of Don Quixote SONNET All hail, illustrious man!
Fortune, when she Bound thee apprentice to the esquire trade, Her care and tenderness of thee displayed, Shaping thy course from misadventure free. No longer now doth proud knighterrantry Regard with scorn the sickle and the spade Of towering arrogance less count is made Than of plain esquirelike simplicity. I envy thee thy Dapple, and thy name, And those alforjas thou wast wont to stuff With comforts that thy providence proclaim.
To Don Quixote of La Mancha SONNET If thou art not a Peer, peer thou hast none Among a thousand Peers thou art a peer Nor is there room for one when thou art near, Unvanquished victor, great unconquered one! Orlando, by Angelica undone, Am I o'er distant seas condemned to steer, And to Fame's altars as an offering bear Valour respected by Oblivion.
I cannot be thy rival, for thy fame And prowess rise above all rivalry, Albeit both bereft of wits we go. But, though the Scythian or the Moor to tame Was not thy lot, still thou dost rival me Love binds us in a fellowship of woe. To Don Quixote of La Mancha My sword was not to be compared with thine Phbus of Spain, marvel of courtesy, Nor with thy famous arm this hand of mine That smote from east to west as lightnings fly.
I scorned all empire, and that monarchy The rosy east held out did I resign For one glance of Claridiana's eye, The bright Aurora for whose love I pine. A miracle of constancy my love And banished by her ruthless cruelty, This arm had might the rage of Hell to tame.
But, Gothic Quixote, happier thou dost prove, For thou dost live in Dulcinea's name, And famous, honoured, wise, she lives in thee. To Don Quixote of La Mancha SONNET Your fantasies, Sir Quixote, it is true, That crazy brain of yours have quite upset, But aught of base or mean hath never yet Been charged by any in reproach to you.
Your deeds are open proof in all men's view For you went forth injustice to abate, And for your pains sore drubbings did you get From many a rascally and ruffian crew. If the fair Dulcinea, your heart's queen, Be unrelenting in her cruelty, If still your woe be powerless to move her, In such hard case your comfort let it be That Sancho was a sorry gobetween A booby he, hardhearted she, and you no lover.
Between Babieca and Rocinante SONNET B. 'How comes it, Rocinante, you're so lean? R. 'I'm underfed, with overwork I'm worn. B. 'But what becomes of all the hay and corn? R. 'My master gives me none he's much too mean. B. 'Come, come, you show illbreeding, sir, I ween 'Tis like an ass your master thus to scorn.
R. He is an ass, will die an ass, an ass was born Why, he's in love what's plainer to be seen? B. 'To be in love is folly?R. 'No great sense. B. 'You're metaphysical.R. 'From want of food. B. 'Rail at the squire, then.R. 'Why, what's the good? I might indeed complain of him, I grant ye, But, squire or master, where's the difference?
It is my earnest hope that Your Excellency's good counsel in regard to my honourable purpose, will not disdain the littleness of so humble a service. Miguel de Cervantes In a village of La Mancha, the name of which I have no desire to call to mind, there lived not long since one of those gentlemen that keep a lance in the lancerack, an old buckler, a lean hack, and a greyhound for coursing.
An olla of rather more beef than mutton, a salad on most nights, scraps on Saturdays, lentils on Fridays, and a pigeon or so extra on Sundays, made away with threequarters of his income. The rest of it went in a doublet of fine cloth and velvet breeches and shoes to match for holidays, while on weekdays he made a brave figure in his best homespun.
He had in his house a housekeeper past forty, a niece under twenty, and a lad for the field and marketplace, who used to saddle the hack as well as handle the billhook. The age of this gentleman of ours was bordering on fifty he was of a hardy habit, spare, gauntfeatured, a very early riser and a great sportsman.
They will have it his surname was Quixada or Quesada (for here there is some difference of opinion among the authors who write on the subject), although from reasonable conjectures it seems plain that he was called Quexana. This, however, is of but little importance to our tale it will be enough not to stray a hair's breadth from the truth in the telling of it.
You must know, then, that the abovenamed gentleman whenever he was at leisure (which was mostly all the year round) gave himself up to reading books of chivalry with such ardour and avidity that he almost entirely neglected the pursuit of his fieldsports, and even the management of his property and to such a pitch did his eagerness and infatuation go that he sold many an acre of tillageland to buy books of chivalry to read, and brought home as many of them as he could get.
But of all there were none he liked so well as those of the famous Feliciano de Silva's composition, for their lucidity of style and complicated conceits were as pearls in his sight, particularly when in his reading he came upon courtships and cartels, where he often found passages like 'the reason of the unreason with which my reason is afflicted so weakens my reason that with reason I murmur at your beauty or again, 'the high heavens, that of your divinity divinely fortify you with the stars, render you deserving of the desert your greatness deserves.
Over conceits of this sort the poor gentleman lost his wits, and used to lie awake striving to understand them and worm the meaning out of them what Aristotle himself could not have made out or extracted had he come to life again for that special purpose. He was not at all easy about the wounds which Don Belianis gave and took, because it seemed to him that, great as were the surgeons who had cured him, he must have had his face and body covered all over with seams and scars.
He commended, however, the author's way of ending his book with the promise of that interminable adventure, and many a time was he tempted to take up his pen and finish it properly as is there proposed, which no doubt he would have done, and made a successful piece of work of it too, had not greater and more absorbing thoughts prevented him.
Master Nicholas, the village barber, however, used to say that neither of them came up to the Knight of Phbus, and that if there was any that could compare with him it was Don Galaor, the brother of Amadis of Gaul, because he had a spirit that was equal to every occasion, and was no finikin knight, nor lachrymose like his brother, while in the matter of valour he was not a whit behind him.
His fancy grew full of what he used to read about in his books, enchantments, quarrels, battles, challenges, wounds, wooings, loves, agonies, and all sorts of impossible nonsense and it so possessed his mind that the whole fabric of invention and fancy he read of was true, that to him no history in the world had more reality in it.
He used to say the Cid Ruy Diaz was a very good knight, but that he was not to be compared with the Knight of the Burning Sword who with one backstroke cut in half two fierce and monstrous giants. He thought more of Bernardo del Carpio because at Roncesvalles he slew Roland in spite of enchantments, availing himself of the artifice of Hercules when he strangled Antus the son of Terra in his arms.
He approved highly of the giant Morgante, because, although of the giant breed which is always arrogant and illconditioned, he alone was affable and wellbred. But above all he admired Reinaldos of Montalban, especially when he saw him sallying forth from his castle and robbing everyone he met, and when beyond the seas he stole that image of Mahomet which, as his history says, was entirely of gold.
Already the poor man saw himself crowned by the might of his arm Emperor of Trebizond at least and so, led away by the intense enjoyment he found in these pleasant fancies, he set himself forthwith to put his scheme into execution. The first thing he did was to clean up some armour that had belonged to his greatgrandfather, and had been for ages lying forgotten in a corner eaten with rust and covered with mildew.
He scoured and polished it as best he could, but he perceived one great defect in it, that it had no closed helmet, nothing but a simple morion. This deficiency, however, his ingenuity supplied, for he contrived a kind of halfhelmet of pasteboard which, fitted on to the morion, looked like a whole one.
The ease with which he had knocked it to pieces disconcerted him somewhat, and to guard against that danger he set to work again, fixing bars of iron on the inside until he was satisfied with its strength and then, not caring to try any more experiments with it, he passed it and adopted it as a helmet of the most perfect construction.
And so, after having composed, struck out, rejected, added to, unmade, and remade a multitude of names out of his memory and fancy, he decided upon calling him Rocinante, a name, to his thinking, lofty, sonorous, and significant of his condition as a hack before he became what he now was, the first and foremost of all the hacks in the world.
Having got a name for his horse so much to his taste, he was anxious to get one for himself, and he was eight days more pondering over this point, till at last he made up his mind to call himself 'Don Quixote, whence, as has been already said, the authors of this veracious history have inferred that his name must have been beyond a doubt Quixada, and not Quesada as others would have it.
Recollecting, however, that the valiant Amadis was not content to call himself curtly Amadis and nothing more, but added the name of his kingdom and country to make it famous, and called himself Amadis of Gaul, he, like a good knight, resolved to add on the name of his, and to style himself Don Quixote of La Mancha, whereby, he considered, he described accurately his origin and country, and did honour to it in taking his surname from it.
So then, his armour being furbished, his morion turned into a helmet, his hack christened, and he himself confirmed, he came to the conclusion that nothing more was needed now but to look out for a lady to be in love with for a knighterrant without love was like a tree without leaves or fruit, or a body without a soul.
Oh, how our good gentleman enjoyed the delivery of this speech, especially when he had thought of someone to call his Lady! There was, so the story goes, in a village near his own a very goodlooking farmgirl with whom he had been at one time in love, though, so far as is known, she never knew it nor gave a thought to the matter.
Her name was Aldonza Lorenzo, and upon her he thought fit to confer the title of Lady of his Thoughts and after some search for a name which should not be out of harmony with her own, and should suggest and indicate that of a princess and great lady, he decided upon calling her Dulcinea del Tobososhe being of El Tobosoa name, to his mind, musical, uncommon, and significant, like all those he had already bestowed upon himself and the things belonging to him.
These preliminaries settled, he did not care to put off any longer the execution of his design, urged on to it by the thought of all the world was losing by his delay, seeing what wrongs he intended to right, grievances to redress, injustices to repair, abuses to remove, and duties to discharge.
So, without giving notice of his intention to anyone, and without anybody seeing him, one morning before the dawning of the day (which was one of the hottest of the month of July) he donned his suit of armour, mounted Rocinante with his patchedup helmet on, braced his buckler, took his lance, and by the back door of the yard sallied forth upon the plain in the highest contentment and satisfaction at seeing with what ease he had made a beginning with his grand purpose.
It occurred to him that he had not been dubbed a knight, and that according to the law of chivalry he neither could nor ought to bear arms against any knight and that even if he had been, still he ought, as a novice knight, to wear white armour, without a device upon the shield until by his prowess he had earned one.
These reflections made him waver in his purpose, but his craze being stronger than any reasoning, he made up his mind to have himself dubbed a knight by the first one he came across, following the example of others in the same case, as he had read in the books that brought him to this pass.
Thus setting out, our newfledged adventurer paced along, talking to himself and saying, 'Who knows but that in time to come, when the veracious history of my famous deeds is made known, the sage who writes it, when he has to set forth my first sally in the early morning, will do it after this fashion?
'Happy the age, happy the time, he continued, 'in which shall be made known my deeds of fame, worthy to be moulded in brass, carved in marble, limned in pictures, for a memorial for ever. And thou, O sage magician, whoever thou art, to whom it shall fall to be the chronicler of this wondrous history, forget not, I entreat thee, my good Rocinante, the constant companion of my ways and wanderings.
Presently he broke out again, as if he were lovestricken in earnest, 'O Princess Dulcinea, lady of this captive heart, a grievous wrong hast thou done me to drive me forth with scorn, and with inexorable obduracy banish me from the presence of thy beauty. O lady, deign to hold in remembrance this heart, thy vassal, that thus in anguish pines for love of thee.
So he went on stringing together these and other absurdities, all in the style of those his books had taught him, imitating their language as well as he could and all the while he rode so slowly and the sun mounted so rapidly and with such fervour that it was enough to melt his brains if he had any.
But seeing that they were slow about it, and that Rocinante was in a hurry to reach the stable, he made for the inn door, and perceived the two gay damsels who were standing there, and who seemed to him to be two fair maidens or lovely ladies taking their ease at the castle gate.
The girls were looking at him and straining their eyes to make out the features which the clumsy visor obscured, but when they heard themselves called maidens, a thing so much out of their line, they could not restrain their laughter, which made Don Quixote wax indignant, and say, 'Modesty becomes the fair, and moreover laughter that has little cause is great silliness this, however, I say not to pain or anger you, for my desire is none other than to serve you.
He, seeing this grotesque figure clad in armour that did not match any more than his saddle, bridle, lance, buckler, or corselet, was not at all indisposed to join the damsels in their manifestations of amusement but, in truth, standing in awe of such a complicated armament, he thought it best to speak him fairly, so he said, 'Seor Caballero, if your worship wants lodging, bating the bed (for there is not one in the inn) there is plenty of everything else here.
Don Quixote, observing the respectful bearing of the Alcaide of the fortress (for so innkeeper and inn seemed in his eyes), made answer, 'Sir Castellan, for me anything will suffice, for 'My armour is my only wear, My only rest the fray.' The host fancied he called him Castellan because he took him for a 'worthy of Castile, though he was in fact an Andalusian, and one from the strand of San Lucar, as crafty a thief as Cacus and as full of tricks as a student or a page.
So saying, he advanced to hold the stirrup for Don Quixote, who got down with great difficulty and exertion (for he had not broken his fast all day), and then charged the host to take great care of his horse, as he was the best bit of flesh that ever ate bread in this world.
The landlord eyed him over but did not find him as good as Don Quixote said, nor even half as good and putting him up in the stable, he returned to see what might be wanted by his guest, whom the damsels, who had by this time made their peace with him, were now relieving of his armour.
A time, however, will come for your ladyships to command and me to obey, and then the might of my arm will show my desire to serve you. The girls, who were not used to hearing rhetoric of this sort, had nothing to say in reply they only asked him if he wanted anything to eat.
The day happened to be a Friday, and in the whole inn there was nothing but some pieces of the fish they call in Castile 'abadejo, in Andalusia 'bacallao, and in some places 'curadillo, and in others 'troutlet so they asked him if he thought he could eat troutlet, for there was no other fish to give him.
'If there be troutlets enough, said Don Quixote, 'they will be the same thing as a trout for it is all one to me whether I am given eight reals in small change or a piece of eight moreover, it may be that these troutlets are like veal, which is better than beef, or kid, which is better than goat.
They laid a table for him at the door of the inn for the sake of the air, and the host brought him a portion of illsoaked and worse cooked stockfish, and a piece of bread as black and mouldy as his own armour but a laughable sight it was to see him eating, for having his helmet on and the beaver up, he could not with his own hands put anything into his mouth unless someone else placed it there, and this service one of the ladies rendered him.
But to give him anything to drink was impossible, or would have been so had not the landlord bored a reed, and putting one end in his mouth poured the wine into him through the other all which he bore with patience rather than sever the ribbons of his helmet.
While this was going on there came up to the inn a sowgelder, who, as he approached, sounded his reed pipe four or five times, and thereby completely convinced Don Quixote that he was in some famous castle, and that they were regaling him with music, and that the stockfish was trout, the bread the whitest, the wenches ladies, and the landlord the castellan of the castle and consequently he held that his enterprise and sally had been to some purpose.
Harassed by this reflection, he made haste with his scanty pothouse supper, and having finished it called the landlord, and shutting himself into the stable with him, fell on his knees before him, saying, 'From this spot I rise not, valiant knight, until your courtesy grants me the boon I seek, one that will redound to your praise and the benefit of the human race.
The landlord, who, as has been mentioned, was something of a wag, and had already some suspicion of his guest's want of wits, was quite convinced of it on hearing talk of this kind from him, and to make sport for the night he determined to fall in with his humour.
He told him, moreover, that in this castle of his there was no chapel in which he could watch his armour, as it had been pulled down in order to be rebuilt, but that in a case of necessity it might, he knew, be watched anywhere, and he might watch it that night in a courtyard of the castle, and in the morning, God willing, the requisite ceremonies might be performed so as to have him dubbed a knight, and so thoroughly dubbed that nobody could be more so.
On this point the landlord told him he was mistaken for, though not recorded in the histories, because in the author's opinion there was no need to mention anything so obvious and necessary as money and clean shirts, it was not to be supposed therefore that they did not carry them, and he might regard it as certain and established that all knightserrant (about whom there were so many full and unimpeachable books) carried wellfurnished purses in case of emergency, and likewise carried shirts and a little box of ointment to cure the wounds they received.
For in those plains and deserts where they engaged in combat and came out wounded, it was not always that there was someone to cure them, unless indeed they had for a friend some sage magician to succour them at once by fetching through the air upon a cloud some damsel or dwarf with a vial of water of such virtue that by tasting one drop of it they were cured of their hurts and wounds in an instant and left as sound as if they had not received any damage whatever.
But in case this should not occur, the knights of old took care to see that their squires were provided with money and other requisites, such as lint and ointments for healing purposes and when it happened that knights had no squires (which was rarely and seldom the case) they themselves carried everything in cunning saddlebags that were hardly seen on the horse's croup, as if it were something else of more importance, because, unless for some such reason, carrying saddlebags was not very favourably regarded among knightserrant.
Don Quixote promised to follow his advice scrupulously, and it was arranged forthwith that he should watch his armour in a large yard at one side of the inn so, collecting it all together, Don Quixote placed it on a trough that stood by the side of a well, and bracing his buckler on his arm he grasped his lance and began with a stately air to march up and down in front of the trough, and as he began his march night began to fall.
Full of wonder at so strange a form of madness, they flocked to see it from a distance, and observed with what composure he sometimes paced up and down, or sometimes, leaning on his lance, gazed on his armour without taking his eyes off it for ever so long and as the night closed in with a light from the moon so brilliant that it might vie with his that lent it, everything the novice knight did was plainly seen by all.
Meanwhile one of the carriers who were in the inn thought fit to water his team, and it was necessary to remove Don Quixote's armour as it lay on the trough but he seeing the other approach hailed him in a loud voice, 'O thou, whoever thou art, rash knight that comest to lay hands on the armour of the most valorous errant that ever girt on sword, have a care what thou dost touch it not unless thou wouldst lay down thy life as the penalty of thy rashness.
Shortly after this, another, not knowing what had happened (for the carrier still lay senseless), came with the same object of giving water to his mules, and was proceeding to remove the armour in order to clear the trough, when Don Quixote, without uttering a word or imploring aid from anyone, once more dropped his buckler and once more lifted his lance, and without actually breaking the second carrier's head into pieces, made more than three of it, for he laid it open in four.
Seeing this, Don Quixote braced his buckler on his arm, and with his hand on his sword exclaimed, 'O Lady of Beauty, strength and support of my faint heart, it is time for thee to turn the eyes of thy greatness on this thy captive knight on the brink of so mighty an adventure.
By this he felt himself so inspired that he would not have flinched if all the carriers in the world had assailed him. The comrades of the wounded perceiving the plight they were in began from a distance to shower stones on Don Quixote, who screened himself as best he could with his buckler, not daring to quit the trough and leave his armour unprotected.
The landlord shouted to them to leave him alone, for he had already told them that he was mad, and as a madman he would not be accountable even if he killed them all. Still louder shouted Don Quixote, calling them knaves and traitors, and the lord of the castle, who allowed knightserrant to be treated in this fashion, a villain and a lowborn knight whom, had he received the order of knighthood, he would call to account for his treachery.
This he uttered with so much spirit and boldness that he filled his assailants with a terrible fear, and as much for this reason as at the persuasion of the landlord they left off stoning him, and he allowed them to carry off the wounded, and with the same calmness and composure as before resumed the watch over his armour.
But these freaks of his guest were not much to the liking of the landlord, so he determined to cut matters short and confer upon him at once the unlucky order of knighthood before any further misadventure could occur so, going up to him, he apologised for the rudeness which, without his knowledge, had been offered to him by these low people, who, however, had been well punished for their audacity.
As he had already told him, he said, there was no chapel in the castle, nor was it needed for what remained to be done, for, as he understood the ceremonial of the order, the whole point of being dubbed a knight lay in the accolade and in the slap on the shoulder, and that could be administered in the middle of a field and that he had now done all that was needful as to watching the armour, for all requirements were satisfied by a watch of two hours only, while he had been more than four about it.
Don Quixote believed it all, and told him he stood there ready to obey him, and to make an end of it with as much despatch as possible for, if he were again attacked, and felt himself to be dubbed knight, he would not, he thought, leave a soul alive in the castle, except such as out of respect he might spare at his bidding.
Thus warned and menaced, the castellan forthwith brought out a book in which he used to enter the straw and barley he served out to the carriers, and, with a lad carrying a candleend, and the two damsels already mentioned, he returned to where Don Quixote stood, and bade him kneel down.
Then, reading from his accountbook as if he were repeating some devout prayer, in the middle of his delivery he raised his hand and gave him a sturdy blow on the neck, and then, with his own sword, a smart slap on the shoulder, all the while muttering between his teeth as if he was saying his prayers.
Having done this, he directed one of the ladies to gird on his sword, which she did with great selfpossession and gravity, and not a little was required to prevent a burst of laughter at each stage of the ceremony but what they had already seen of the novice knight's prowess kept their laughter within bounds.
On girding him with the sword the worthy lady said to him, 'May God make your worship a very fortunate knight, and grant you success in battle. Don Quixote asked her name in order that he might from that time forward know to whom he was beholden for the favour he had received, as he meant to confer upon her some portion of the honour he acquired by the might of his arm.
She answered with great humility that she was called La Tolosa, and that she was the daughter of a cobbler of Toledo who lived in the stalls of Sanchobienaya, and that wherever she might be she would serve and esteem him as her lord. Don Quixote said in reply that she would do him a favour if thenceforward she assumed the 'Don and called herself Doa Tolosa.
She promised she would, and then the other buckled on his spur, and with her followed almost the same conversation as with the lady of the sword. He asked her name, and she said it was La Molinera, and that she was the daughter of a respectable miller of Antequera and of her likewise Don Quixote requested that she would adopt the 'Don and call herself Doa Molinera, making offers to her further services and favours.
Having thus, with hot haste and speed, brought to a conclusion these nevertillnowseen ceremonies, Don Quixote was on thorns until he saw himself on horseback sallying forth in quest of adventures and saddling Rocinante at once he mounted, and embracing his host, as he returned thanks for his kindness in knighting him, he addressed him in language so extraordinary that it is impossible to convey an idea of it or report it.
The landlord, to get him out of the inn, replied with no less rhetoric though with shorter words, and without calling upon him to pay the reckoning let him go with a Godspeed. Day was dawning when Don Quixote quitted the inn, so happy, so gay, so exhilarated at finding himself now dubbed a knight, that his joy was like to burst his horsegirths.
However, recalling the advice of his host as to the requisites he ought to carry with him, especially that referring to money and shirts, he determined to go home and provide himself with all, and also with a squire, for he reckoned upon securing a farmlabourer, a neighbour of his, a poor man with a family, but very well qualified for the office of squire to a knight.
He had not gone far, when out of a thicket on his right there seemed to come feeble cries as of someone in distress, and the instant he heard them he exclaimed, 'Thanks be to heaven for the favour it accords me, that it so soon offers me an opportunity of fulfilling the obligation I have undertaken, and gathering the fruit of my ambition.
These cries, no doubt, come from some man or woman in want of help, and needing my aid and protection and wheeling, he turned Rocinante in the direction whence the cries seemed to proceed. He had gone but a few paces into the wood, when he saw a mare tied to an oak, and tied to another, and stripped from the waist upwards, a youth of about fifteen years of age, from whom the cries came.
Nor were they without cause, for a lusty farmer was flogging him with a belt and following up every blow with scoldings and commands, repeating, 'Your mouth shut and your eyes open! while the youth made answer, 'I won't do it again, master mine by God's passion I won't do it again, and I'll take more care of the flock another time.
Seeing what was going on, Don Quixote said in an angry voice, 'Discourteous knight, it ill becomes you to assail one who cannot defend himself mount your steed and take your lance (for there was a lance leaning against the oak to which the mare was tied), 'and I will make you know that you are behaving as a coward.
The farmer, seeing before him this figure in full armour brandishing a lance over his head, gave himself up for dead, and made answer meekly, 'Sir Knight, this youth that I am chastising is my servant, employed by me to watch a flock of sheep that I have hard by, and he is so careless that I lose one every day, and when I punish him for his carelessness and knavery he says I do it out of niggardliness, to escape paying him the wages I owe him, and before God, and on my soul, he lies.
'Lies before me, base clown! said Don Quixote. 'By the sun that shines on us I have a mind to run you through with this lance. Pay him at once without another word if not, by the God that rules us I will make an end of you, and annihilate you on the spot release him instantly.
The farmer hung his head, and without a word untied his servant, of whom Don Quixote asked how much his master owed him. He replied, nine months at seven reals a month. Don Quixote added it up, found that it came to sixtythree reals, and told the farmer to pay it down immediately, if he did not want to die for it.
The trembling clown replied that as he lived and by the oath he had sworn (though he had not sworn any) it was not so much for there were to be taken into account and deducted three pairs of shoes he had given him, and a real for two bloodlettings when he was sick.
'All that is very well, said Don Quixote 'but let the shoes and the bloodlettings stand as a setoff against the blows you have given him without any cause for if he spoiled the leather of the shoes you paid for, you have damaged that of his body, and if the barber took blood from him when he was sick, you have drawn it when he was sound so on that score he owes you nothing.
'The difficulty is, Sir Knight, that I have no money here let Andres come home with me, and I will pay him all, real by real. 'I go with him! said the youth. 'Nay, God forbid! No, seor, not for the world for once alone with me, he would ray me like a Saint Bartholomew.
'He will do nothing of the kind, said Don Quixote 'I have only to command, and he will obey me and as he has sworn to me by the order of knighthood which he has received, I leave him free, and I guarantee the payment. 'Consider what you are saying, seor, said the youth 'this master of mine is not a knight, nor has he received any order of knighthood for he is Juan Haldudo the Rich, of Quintanar.
'That matters little, replied Don Quixote 'there may be Haldudos knights moreover, everyone is the son of his works. 'That is true, said Andres 'but this master of mineof what works is he the son, when he refuses me the wages of my sweat and labour? 'I do not refuse, brother Andres, said the farmer, 'be good enough to come along with me, and I swear by all the orders of knighthood there are in the world to pay you as I have agreed, real by real, and perfumed.
'For the perfumery I excuse you, said Don Quixote 'give it to him in reals, and I shall be satisfied and see that you do as you have sworn if not, by the same oath I swear to come back and hunt you out and punish you and I shall find you though you should lie closer than a lizard.
And if you desire to know who it is lays this command upon you, that you be more firmly bound to obey it, know that I am the valorous Don Quixote of La Mancha, the undoer of wrongs and injustices and so, God be with you, and keep in mind what you have promised and sworn under those penalties that have been already declared to you.
The farmer followed him with his eyes, and when he saw that he had cleared the wood and was no longer in sight, he turned to his boy Andres, and said, 'Come here, my son, I want to pay you what I owe you, as that undoer of wrongs has commanded me.
'My oath on it, said Andres, 'your worship will be well advised to obey the command of that good knightmay he live a thousand yearsfor, as he is a valiant and just judge, by Roque, if you do not pay me, he will come back and do as he said.
'My oath on it, too, said the farmer 'but as I have a strong affection for you, I want to add to the debt in order to add to the payment and seizing him by the arm, he tied him up again, and gave him such a flogging that he left him for dead.
'Now, Master Andres, said the farmer, 'call on the undoer of wrongs you will find he won't undo that, though I am not sure that I have quite done with you, for I have a good mind to flay you alive. But at last he untied him, and gave him leave to go look for his judge in order to put the sentence pronounced into execution.
Andres went off rather down in the mouth, swearing he would go to look for the valiant Don Quixote of La Mancha and tell him exactly what had happened, and that all would have to be repaid him sevenfold but for all that, he went off weeping, while his master stood laughing.
Thus did the valiant Don Quixote right that wrong, and, thoroughly satisfied with what had taken place, as he considered he had made a very happy and noble beginning with his knighthood, he took the road towards his village in perfect selfcontent, saying in a low voice, 'Well mayest thou this day call thyself fortunate above all on earth, O Dulcinea del Toboso, fairest of the fair!
since it has fallen to thy lot to hold subject and submissive to thy full will and pleasure a knight so renowned as is and will be Don Quixote of La Mancha, who, as all the world knows, yesterday received the order of knighthood, and hath today righted the greatest wrong and grievance that ever injustice conceived and cruelty perpetrated who hath today plucked the rod from the hand of yonder ruthless oppressor so wantonly lashing that tender child.
He now came to a road branching in four directions, and immediately he was reminded of those crossroads where knightserrant used to stop to consider which road they should take. In imitation of them he halted for a while, and after having deeply considered it, he gave Rocinante his head, submitting his own will to that of his hack, who followed out his first intention, which was to make straight for his own stable.
After he had gone about two miles Don Quixote perceived a large party of people, who, as afterwards appeared, were some Toledo traders, on their way to buy silk at Murcia. There were six of them coming along under their sunshades, with four servants mounted, and three muleteers on foot.
Scarcely had Don Quixote descried them when the fancy possessed him that this must be some new adventure and to help him to imitate as far as he could those passages he had read of in his books, here seemed to come one made on purpose, which he resolved to attempt.
So with a lofty bearing and determination he fixed himself firmly in his stirrups, got his lance ready, brought his buckler before his breast, and planting himself in the middle of the road, stood waiting the approach of these knightserrant, for such he now considered and held them to be and when they had come near enough to see and hear, he exclaimed with a haughty gesture, 'All the world stand, unless all the world confess that in all the world there is no maiden fairer than the Empress of La Mancha, the peerless Dulcinea del Toboso.
The essential point is that without seeing her you must believe, confess, affirm, swear, and defend it else ye have to do with me in battle, illconditioned, arrogant rabble that ye are and come ye on, one by one as the order of knighthood requires, or all together as is the custom and vile usage of your breed, here do I bide and await you relying on the justice of the cause I maintain.
'She distils nothing of the kind, vile rabble, said Don Quixote, burning with rage, 'nothing of the kind, I say, only ambergris and civet in cotton nor is she oneeyed or humpbacked, but straighter than a Guadarrama spindle but ye must pay for the blasphemy ye have uttered against beauty like that of my lady.
Down went Rocinante, and over went his master, rolling along the ground for some distance and when he tried to rise he was unable, so encumbered was he with lance, buckler, spurs, helmet, and the weight of his old armour and all the while he was struggling to get up he kept saying, 'Fly not, cowards and caitiffs!
One of the muleteers in attendance, who could not have had much good nature in him, hearing the poor prostrate man blustering in this style, was unable to refrain from giving him an answer on his ribs and coming up to him he seized his lance, and having broken it in pieces, with one of them he began so to belabour our Don Quixote that, notwithstanding and in spite of his armour, he milled him like a measure of wheat.
His masters called out not to lay on so hard and to leave him alone, but the muleteer's blood was up, and he did not care to drop the game until he had vented the rest of his wrath, and gathering up the remaining fragments of the lance he finished with a discharge upon the unhappy victim, who all through the storm of sticks that rained on him never ceased threatening heaven, and earth, and the brigands, for such they seemed to him.
At last the muleteer was tired, and the traders continued their journey, taking with them matter for talk about the poor fellow who had been cudgelled. He when he found himself alone made another effort to rise but if he was unable when whole and sound, how was he to rise after having been thrashed and wellnigh knocked to pieces?
Finding, then, that, in fact he could not move, he thought himself of having recourse to his usual remedy, which was to think of some passage in his books, and his craze brought to his mind that about Baldwin and the Marquis of Mantua, when Carloto left him wounded on the mountainside, a story known by heart by the children, not forgotten by the young men, and lauded and even believed by the old folk and for all that not a whit truer than the miracles of Mahomet.
This seemed to him to fit exactly the case in which he found himself, so, making a show of severe suffering, he began to roll on the ground and with feeble breath repeat the very words which the wounded knight of the wood is said to have uttered Where art thou, lady mine, that thou My sorrow dost not rue?
As chance would have it, when he had got to this line there happened to come by a peasant from his own village, a neighbour of his, who had been with a load of wheat to the mill, and he, seeing the man stretched there, came up to him and asked him who he was and what was the matter with him that he complained so dolefully.
Don Quixote was firmly persuaded that this was the Marquis of Mantua, his uncle, so the only answer he made was to go on with his ballad, in which he told the tale of his misfortune, and of the loves of the Emperor's son and his wife all exactly as the ballad sings it.
The peasant stood amazed at hearing such nonsense, and relieving him of the visor, already battered to pieces by blows, he wiped his face, which was covered with dust, and as soon as he had done so he recognised him and said, 'Seor Quixada (for so he appears to have been called when he was in his senses and had not yet changed from a quiet country gentleman into a knighterrant), 'who has brought your worship to this pass?
He then contrived to raise him from the ground, and with no little difficulty hoisted him upon his ass, which seemed to him to be the easiest mount for him and collecting the arms, even to the splinters of the lance, he tied them on Rocinante, and leading him by the bridle and the ass by the halter he took the road for the village, very sad to hear what absurd stuff Don Quixote was talking.
'I know who I am, replied Don Quixote, 'and I know that I may be not only those I have named, but all the Twelve Peers of France and even all the Nine Worthies, since my achievements surpass all that they have done all together and each of them on his own account.
When it was what seemed to him the proper time he entered the village and went to Don Quixote's house, which he found all in confusion, and there were the curate and the village barber, who were great friends of Don Quixote, and his housekeeper was saying to them in a loud voice, 'What does your worship think can have befallen my master, Seor Licentiate Pero Perez?
I am certain of it, and it is as true as that I was born to die, that these accursed books of chivalry he has, and has got into the way of reading so constantly, have upset his reason for now I remember having often heard him saying to himself that he would turn knighterrant and go all over the world in quest of adventures.
But I take all the blame upon myself for never having told your worships of my uncle's vagaries, that you might put a stop to them before things had come to this pass, and burn all these accursed booksfor he has a great numberthat richly deserve to be burned like heretics.
All this the peasant heard, and from it he understood at last what was the matter with his neighbour, so he began calling aloud, 'Open, your worships, to Seor Baldwin and to Seor the Marquis of Mantua, who comes badly wounded, and to Seor Abindarraez, the Moor, whom the valiant Rodrigo de Narvaez, the Alcaide of Antequera, brings captive.
At these words they all hurried out, and when they recognised their friend, master, and uncle, who had not yet dismounted from the ass because he could not, they ran to embrace him. 'Hold! said he, 'for I am badly wounded through my horse's fault carry me to bed, and if possible send for the wise Urganda to cure and see to my wounds.
'See there! plague on it! cried the housekeeper at this 'did not my heart tell the truth as to which foot my master went lame of? To bed with your worship at once, and we will contrive to cure you here without fetching that Hurgada. A curse I say once more, and a hundred times more, on those books of chivalry that have brought your worship to such a pass.
They carried him to bed at once, and after searching for his wounds could find none, but he said they were all bruises from having had a severe fall with his horse Rocinante when in combat with ten giants, the biggest and the boldest to be found on earth. 'So, so!
said the curate, 'are there giants in the dance? By the sign of the Cross I will burn them tomorrow before the day is over. They put a host of questions to Don Quixote, but his only answer to all wasgive him something to eat, and leave him to sleep, for that was what he needed most.
He told him, and the nonsense he had talked when found and on the way home, all which made the licentiate the more eager to do what he did the next day, which was to summon his friend the barber, Master Nicholas, and go with him to Don Quixote's house.
He was still sleeping so the curate asked the niece for the keys of the room where the books, the authors of all the mischief, were, and right willingly she gave them. They all went in, the housekeeper with them, and found more than a hundred volumes of big books very well bound, and some other small ones.
The moment the housekeeper saw them she turned about and ran out of the room, and came back immediately with a saucer of holy water and a sprinkler, saying, 'Here, your worship, seor licentiate, sprinkle this room don't leave any magician of the many there are in these books to bewitch us in revenge for our design of banishing them from the world.
'No, said the niece, 'there is no reason for showing mercy to any of them they have every one of them done mischief better fling them out of the window into the court and make a pile of them and set fire to them or else carry them into the yard, and there a bonfire can be made without the smoke giving any annoyance.
'This seems a mysterious thing, said the curate, 'for, as I have heard say, this was the first book of chivalry printed in Spain, and from this all the others derive their birth and origin so it seems to me that we ought inexorably to condemn it to the flames as the founder of so vile a sect.
'Nay, sir, said the barber, 'I too, have heard say that this is the best of all the books of this kind that have been written, and so, as something singular in its line, it ought to be pardoned. 'True, said the curate 'and for that reason let its life be spared for the present.
Let us see that other which is next to it. 'It is, said the barber, 'the 'Sergas de Esplandian,' the lawful son of Amadis of Gaul. 'Then verily, said the curate, 'the merit of the father must not be put down to the account of the son. Take it, mistress housekeeper open the window and fling it into the yard and lay the foundation of the pile for the bonfire we are to make.
The housekeeper obeyed with great satisfaction, and the worthy 'Esplandian went flying into the yard to await with all patience the fire that was in store for him. 'Proceed, said the curate. 'This that comes next, said the barber, 'is 'Amadis of Greece,' and, indeed, I believe all those on this side are of the same Amadis lineage.
'Then to the yard with the whole of them, said the curate 'for to have the burning of Queen Pintiquiniestra, and the shepherd Darinel and his eclogues, and the bedevilled and involved discourses of his author, I would burn with them the father who begot me if he were going about in the guise of a knighterrant.
'I am of the same mind, said the barber. 'And so am I, added the niece. 'In that case, said the housekeeper, 'here, into the yard with them! They were handed to her, and as there were many of them, she spared herself the staircase, and flung them down out of the window.
'This, said the barber, 'is 'Don Olivante de Laura.' 'The author of that book, said the curate, 'was the same that wrote 'The Garden of Flowers,' and truly there is no deciding which of the two books is the more truthful, or, to put it better, the less lying all I can say is, send this one into the yard for a swaggering fool.
'This that follows is 'Florismarte of Hircania,' said the barber. 'Seor Florismarte here? said the curate 'then by my faith he must take up his quarters in the yard, in spite of his marvellous birth and visionary adventures, for the stiffness and dryness of his style deserve nothing else into the yard with him and the other, mistress housekeeper.
'With all my heart, seor, said she, and executed the order with great delight. 'This, said the barber, 'is 'The Knight Platir.' 'An old book that, said the curate, 'but I find no reason for clemency in it send it after the others without appeal which was done. Another book was opened, and they saw it was entitled, 'The Knight of the Cross.
'Well, I have him in Italian, said the barber, 'but I do not understand him. 'Nor would it be well that you should understand him, said the curate, 'and on that score we might have excused the Captain if he had not brought him into Spain and turned him into Castilian.
He robbed him of a great deal of his natural force, and so do all those who try to turn books written in verse into another language, for, with all the pains they take and all the cleverness they show, they never can reach the level of the originals as they were first produced.
In short, I say that this book, and all that may be found treating of those French affairs, should be thrown into or deposited in some dry well, until after more consideration it is settled what is to be done with them excepting always one 'Bernardo del Carpio' that is going about, and another called 'Roncesvalles' for these, if they come into my hands, shall pass at once into those of the housekeeper, and from hers into the fire without any reprieve.
Opening another book he saw it was 'Palmerin de Oliva, and beside it was another called 'Palmerin of England, seeing which the licentiate said, 'Let the Olive be made firewood of at once and burned until no ashes even are left and let that Palm of England be kept and preserved as a thing that stands alone, and let such another case be made for it as that which Alexander found among the spoils of Darius and set aside for the safe keeping of the works of the poet Homer.
This book, gossip, is of authority for two reasons, first because it is very good, and secondly because it is said to have been written by a wise and witty king of Portugal. All the adventures at the Castle of Miraguarda are excellent and of admirable contrivance, and the language is polished and clear, studying and observing the style befitting the speaker with propriety and judgment.
'With all my heart, said the barber and not caring to tire himself with reading more books of chivalry, he told the housekeeper to take all the big ones and throw them into the yard. It was not said to one dull or deaf, but to one who enjoyed burning them more than weaving the broadest and finest web that could be and seizing about eight at a time, she flung them out of the window.
In carrying so many together she let one fall at the feet of the barber, who took it up, curious to know whose it was, and found it said, 'History of the Famous Knight, Tirante el Blanco. 'God bless me! said the curate with a shout, ''Tirante el Blanco' here!
Here is Don Kyrieleison of Montalvan, a valiant knight, and his brother Thomas of Montalvan, and the knight Fonseca, with the battle the bold Tirante fought with the mastiff, and the witticisms of the damsel Placerdemivida, and the loves and wiles of the widow Reposada, and the empress in love with the squire Hipolitoin truth, gossip, by right of its style it is the best book in the world.
Here knights eat and sleep, and die in their beds, and make their wills before dying, and a great deal more of which there is nothing in all the other books. Nevertheless, I say he who wrote it, for deliberately composing such fooleries, deserves to be sent to the galleys for life.
'These must be, not chivalry, but poetry, said the curate and opening one he saw it was the 'Diana of Jorge de Montemayor, and, supposing all the others to be of the same sort, 'these, he said, 'do not deserve to be burned like the others, for they neither do nor can do the mischief the books of chivalry have done, being books of entertainment that can hurt no one.
said the niece, 'your worship had better order these to be burned as well as the others for it would be no wonder if, after being cured of his chivalry disorder, my uncle, by reading these, took a fancy to turn shepherd and range the woods and fields singing and piping or, what would be still worse, to turn poet, which they say is an incurable and infectious malady.
I am of opinion it should not be burned, but that it should be cleared of all that about the sage Felicia and the magic water, and of almost all the longer pieces of verse let it keep, and welcome, its prose and the honour of being the first of books of the kind.
'This that comes next, said the barber, 'is the 'Diana,' entitled the 'Second Part, by the Salamancan,' and this other has the same title, and its author is Gil Polo. 'As for that of the Salamancan, replied the curate, 'let it go to swell the number of the condemned in the yard, and let Gil Polo's be preserved as if it came from Apollo himself but get on, gossip, and make haste, for it is growing late.
'By the orders I have received, said the curate, 'since Apollo has been Apollo, and the Muses have been Muses, and poets have been poets, so droll and absurd a book as this has never been written, and in its way it is the best and the most singular of all of this species that have as yet appeared, and he who has not read it may be sure he has never read what is delightful.
He put it aside with extreme satisfaction, and the barber went on, 'These that come next are 'The Shepherd of Iberia,' 'Nymphs of Henares,' and 'The Enlightenment of Jealousy.' 'Then all we have to do, said the curate, 'is to hand them over to the secular arm of the housekeeper, and ask me not why, or we shall never have done.
'This large one here, said the barber, 'is called 'The Treasury of various Poems.' 'If there were not so many of them, said the curate, 'they would be more relished this book must be weeded and cleansed of certain vulgarities which it has with its excellences let it be preserved because the author is a friend of mine, and out of respect for other more heroic and loftier works that he has written.
'The author of that book, too, said the curate, 'is a great friend of mine, and his verses from his own mouth are the admiration of all who hear them, for such is the sweetness of his voice that he enchants when he chants them it gives rather too much of its eclogues, but what is good was never yet plentiful let it be kept with those that have been set apart.
His book has some good invention in it, it presents us with something but brings nothing to a conclusion we must wait for the Second Part it promises perhaps with amendment it may succeed in winning the full measure of grace that is now denied it and in the mean time do you, seor gossip, keep it shut up in your own quarters.
'Very good, said the barber 'and here come three together, the 'Araucana' of Don Alonso de Ercilla, the 'Austriada' of Juan Rufo, Justice of Cordova, and the 'Montserrate' of Christobal de Virus, the Valencian poet. 'These three books, said the curate, 'are the best that have been written in Castilian in heroic verse, and they may compare with the most famous of Italy let them be preserved as the richest treasures of poetry that Spain possesses.
'I should have shed tears myself, said the curate when he heard the title, 'had I ordered that book to be burned, for its author was one of the famous poets of the world, not to say of Spain, and was very happy in the translation of some of Ovid's fables.
Called away by this noise and outcry, they proceeded no farther with the scrutiny of the remaining books, and so it is thought that 'The Carolea, 'The Lion of Spain, and 'The Deeds of the Emperor, written by Don Luis de vila, went to the fire unseen and unheard for no doubt they were among those that remained, and perhaps if the curate had seen them they would not have undergone so severe a sentence.
They closed with him and by force got him back to bed, and when he had become a little calm, addressing the curate, he said to him, 'Of a truth, Seor Archbishop Turpin, it is a great disgrace for us who call ourselves the Twelve Peers, so carelessly to allow the knights of the Court to gain the victory in this tourney, we the adventurers having carried off the honour on the three former days.
'Hush, gossip, said the curate 'please God, the luck may turn, and what is lost today may be won tomorrow for the present let your worship have a care of your health, for it seems to me that you are overfatigued, if not badly wounded. 'Wounded no, said Don Quixote, 'but bruised and battered no doubt, for that bastard Don Roland has cudgelled me with the trunk of an oak tree, and all for envy, because he sees that I alone rival him in his achievements.
But I should not call myself Reinaldos of Montalvan did he not pay me for it in spite of all his enchantments as soon as I rise from this bed. For the present let them bring me something to eat, for that, I feel, is what will be more to my purpose, and leave it to me to avenge myself.
That night the housekeeper burned to ashes all the books that were in the yard and in the whole house and some must have been consumed that deserved preservation in everlasting archives, but their fate and the laziness of the examiner did not permit it, and so in them was verified the proverb that the innocent suffer for the guilty.
One of the remedies which the curate and the barber immediately applied to their friend's disorder was to wall up and plaster the room where the books were, so that when he got up he should not find them (possibly the cause being removed the effect might cease), and they might say that a magician had carried them off, room and all and this was done with all despatch.
Two days later Don Quixote got up, and the first thing he did was to go and look at his books, and not finding the room where he had left it, he wandered from side to side looking for it. He came to the place where the door used to be, and tried it with his hands, and turned and twisted his eyes in every direction without saying a word but after a good while he asked his housekeeper whereabouts was the room that held his books.
'Who doubts that? said the niece 'but, uncle, who mixes you up in these quarrels? Would it not be better to remain at peace in your own house instead of roaming the world looking for better bread than ever came of wheat, never reflecting that many go for wool and come back shorn?
'Oh, niece of mine, replied Don Quixote, 'how much astray art thou in thy reckoning ere they shear me I shall have plucked away and stripped off the beards of all who dare to touch only the tip of a hair of mine. The two were unwilling to make any further answer, as they saw that his anger was kindling.
In short, then, he remained at home fifteen days very quietly without showing any signs of a desire to take up with his former delusions, and during this time he held lively discussions with his two gossips, the curate and the barber, on the point he maintained, that knightserrant were what the world stood most in need of, and that in him was to be accomplished the revival of knighterrantry.
The curate sometimes contradicted him, sometimes agreed with him, for if he had not observed this precaution he would have been unable to bring him to reason. Meanwhile Don Quixote worked upon a farm labourer, a neighbour of his, an honest man (if indeed that title can be given to him who is poor), but with very little wit in his pate.
In a word, he so talked him over, and with such persuasions and promises, that the poor clown made up his mind to sally forth with him and serve him as esquire. Don Quixote, among other things, told him he ought to be ready to go with him gladly, because any moment an adventure might occur that might win an island in the twinkling of an eye and leave him governor of it.
On these and the like promises Sancho Panza (for so the labourer was called) left wife and children, and engaged himself as esquire to his neighbour. Don Quixote next set about getting some money and selling one thing and pawning another, and making a bad bargain in every case, he got together a fair sum.
He provided himself with a buckler, which he begged as a loan from a friend, and, restoring his battered helmet as best he could, he warned his squire Sancho of the day and hour he meant to set out, that he might provide himself with what he thought most needful.
Above all, he charged him to take alforjas with him. The other said he would, and that he meant to take also a very good ass he had, as he was not much given to going on foot. About the ass, Don Quixote hesitated a little, trying whether he could call to mind any knighterrant taking with him an esquire mounted on assback, but no instance occurred to his memory.
Himself he provided with shirts and such other things as he could, according to the advice the host had given him all which being done, without taking leave, Sancho Panza of his wife and children, or Don Quixote of his housekeeper and niece, they sallied forth unseen by anybody from the village one night, and made such good way in the course of it that by daylight they held themselves safe from discovery, even should search be made for them.
Don Quixote decided upon taking the same route and road he had taken on his first journey, that over the Campo de Montiel, which he travelled with less discomfort than on the last occasion, for, as it was early morning and the rays of the sun fell on them obliquely, the heat did not distress them.
Nor needst thou count this wonderful, for things and chances fall to the lot of such knights in ways so unexampled and unexpected that I might easily give thee even more than I promise thee. 'In that case, said Sancho Panza, 'if I should become a king by one of those miracles your worship speaks of, even Juana Gutierrez, my old woman, would come to be queen and my children infantes.
'Well, who doubts it? said Don Quixote. 'I doubt it, replied Sancho Panza, 'because for my part I am persuaded that though God should shower down kingdoms upon earth, not one of them would fit the head of Mari Gutierrez. Let me tell you, seor, she is not worth two maravedis for a queen countess will fit her better, and that only with God's help.
'Leave it to God, Sancho, returned Don Quixote, 'for he will give her what suits her best but do not undervalue thyself so much as to come to be content with anything less than being governor of a province. 'I will not, seor, answered Sancho, 'specially as I have a man of such quality for a master in your worship, who will know how to give me all that will be suitable for me and that I can bear.
'What giants? said Sancho Panza. 'Those thou seest there, answered his master, 'with the long arms, and some have them nearly two leagues long. 'Look, your worship, said Sancho 'what we see there are not giants but windmills, and what seem to be their arms are the sails that turned by the wind make the millstone go.
'It is easy to see, replied Don Quixote, 'that thou art not used to this business of adventures those are giants and if thou art afraid, away with thee out of this and betake thyself to prayer while I engage them in fierce and unequal combat. So saying, he gave the spur to his steed Rocinante, heedless of the cries his squire Sancho sent after him, warning him that most certainly they were windmills and not giants he was going to attack.
He, however, was so positive they were giants that he neither heard the cries of Sancho, nor perceived, near as he was, what they were, but made at them shouting, 'Fly not, cowards and vile beings, for a single knight attacks you. A slight breeze at this moment sprang up, and the great sails began to move, seeing which Don Quixote exclaimed, 'Though ye flourish more arms than the giant Briareus, ye have to reckon with me.
So saying, and commending himself with all his heart to his lady Dulcinea, imploring her to support him in such a peril, with lance in rest and covered by his buckler, he charged at Rocinante's fullest gallop and fell upon the first mill that stood in front of him but as he drove his lancepoint into the sail the wind whirled it round with such force that it shivered the lance to pieces, sweeping with it horse and rider, who went rolling over on the plain, in a sorry condition.
Sancho hastened to his assistance as fast as his ass could go, and when he came up found him unable to move, with such a shock had Rocinante fallen with him. 'God bless me! said Sancho, 'did I not tell your worship to mind what you were about, for they were only windmills?
'Hush, friend Sancho, replied Don Quixote, 'the fortunes of war more than any other are liable to frequent fluctuations and moreover I think, and it is the truth, that that same sage Friston who carried off my study and books, has turned these giants into mills in order to rob me of the glory of vanquishing them, such is the enmity he bears me but in the end his wicked arts will avail but little against my good sword.
'God order it as he may, said Sancho Panza, and helping him to rise got him up again on Rocinante, whose shoulder was half out and then, discussing the late adventure, they followed the road to Puerto Lapice, for there, said Don Quixote, they could not fail to find adventures in abundance and variety, as it was a great thoroughfare.
For all that, he was much grieved at the loss of his lance, and saying so to his squire, he added, 'I remember having read how a Spanish knight, Diego Perez de Vargas by name, having broken his sword in battle, tore from an oak a ponderous bough or branch, and with it did such things that day, and pounded so many Moors, that he got the surname of Machuca, and he and his descendants from that day forth were called Vargas y Machuca.
I mention this because from the first oak I see I mean to rend such another branch, large and stout like that, with which I am determined and resolved to do such deeds that thou mayest deem thyself very fortunate in being found worthy to come and see them, and be an eyewitness of things that will with difficulty be believed.
'Be that as God will, said Sancho, 'I believe it all as your worship says it but straighten yourself a little, for you seem all on one side, may be from the shaking of the fall. 'That is the truth, said Don Quixote, 'and if I make no complaint of the pain it is because knightserrant are not permitted to complain of any wound, even though their bowels be coming out through it.
'If so, said Sancho, 'I have nothing to say but God knows I would rather your worship complained when anything ailed you. For my part, I confess I must complain however small the ache may be unless this rule about not complaining extends to the squires of knightserrant also. Don Quixote could not help laughing at his squire's simplicity, and he assured him he might complain whenever and however he chose, just as he liked, for, so far, he had never read of anything to the contrary in the order of knighthood.
Finally they passed the night among some trees, from one of which Don Quixote plucked a dry branch to serve him after a fashion as a lance, and fixed on it the head he had removed from the broken one. All that night Don Quixote lay awake thinking of his lady Dulcinea, in order to conform to what he had read in his books, how many a night in the forests and deserts knights used to lie sleepless supported by the memory of their mistresses.
Not so did Sancho Panza spend it, for having his stomach full of something stronger than chicory water he made but one sleep of it, and, if his master had not called him, neither the rays of the sun beating on his face nor all the cheery notes of the birds welcoming the approach of day would have had power to waken him.
On getting up he tried the bota and found it somewhat less full than the night before, which grieved his heart because they did not seem to be on the way to remedy the deficiency readily. Don Quixote did not care to break his fast, for, as has been already said, he confined himself to savoury recollections for nourishment.
'Most certainly, seor, replied Sancho, 'your worship shall be fully obeyed in this matter all the more as of myself I am peaceful and no friend to mixing in strife and quarrels it is true that as regards the defence of my own person I shall not give much heed to those laws, for laws human and divine allow each one to defend himself against any assailant whatever.
'That I grant, said Don Quixote, 'but in this matter of aiding me against knights thou must put a restraint upon thy natural impetuosity. 'I will do so, I promise you, answered Sancho, 'and will keep this precept as carefully as Sunday. While they were thus talking there appeared on the road two friars of the order of St.
Benedict, mounted on two dromedaries, for not less tall were the two mules they rode on. They wore travelling spectacles and carried sunshades and behind them came a coach attended by four or five persons on horseback and two muleteers on foot. In the coach there was, as afterwards appeared, a Biscay lady on her way to Seville, where her husband was about to take passage for the Indies with an appointment of high honour.
The friars, though going the same road, were not in her company but the moment Don Quixote perceived them he said to his squire, 'Either I am mistaken, or this is going to be the most famous adventure that has ever been seen, for those black bodies we see there must be, and doubtless are, magicians who are carrying off some stolen princess in that coach, and with all my might I must undo this wrong.
'This will be worse than the windmills, said Sancho. 'Look, seor those are friars of St. Benedict, and the coach plainly belongs to some travellers I tell you to mind well what you are about and don't let the devil mislead you. 'I have told thee already, Sancho, replied Don Quixote, 'that on the subject of adventures thou knowest little.
So saying, he advanced and posted himself in the middle of the road along which the friars were coming, and as soon as he thought they had come near enough to hear what he said, he cried aloud, 'Devilish and unnatural beings, release instantly the highborn princesses whom you are carrying off by force in this coach, else prepare to meet a speedy death as the just punishment of your evil deeds.
The friars drew rein and stood wondering at the appearance of Don Quixote as well as at his words, to which they replied, 'Seor Caballero, we are not devilish or unnatural, but two brothers of St. Benedict following our road, nor do we know whether or not there are any captive princesses coming in this coach.
'No soft words with me, for I know you, lying rabble, said Don Quixote, and without waiting for a reply he spurred Rocinante and with levelled lance charged the first friar with such fury and determination, that, if the friar had not flung himself off the mule, he would have brought him to the ground against his will, and sore wounded, if not killed outright.
The second brother, seeing how his comrade was treated, drove his heels into his castle of a mule and made off across the country faster than the wind. Sancho Panza, when he saw the friar on the ground, dismounting briskly from his ass, rushed towards him and began to strip off his gown.
One of the squires in attendance upon the coach, a Biscayan, was listening to all Don Quixote was saying, and, perceiving that he would not allow the coach to go on, but was saying it must return at once to El Toboso, he made at him, and seizing his lance addressed him in bad Castilian and worse Biscayan after his fashion, 'Begone, caballero, and ill go with thee by the God that made me, unless thou quittest coach, slayest thee as art here a Biscayan.
To which the Biscayan returned, 'I no gentleman!I swear to God thou liest as I am Christian if thou droppest lance and drawest sword, soon shalt thou see thou art carrying water to the cat Biscayan on land, hidalgo at sea, hidalgo at the devil, and look, if thou sayest otherwise thou liest.
The Biscayan, when he saw him coming on, though he wished to dismount from his mule, in which, being one of those sorry ones let out for hire, he had no confidence, had no choice but to draw his sword it was lucky for him, however, that he was near the coach, from which he was able to snatch a cushion that served him for a shield and they went at one another as if they had been two mortal enemies.
The lady in the coach, amazed and terrified at what she saw, ordered the coachman to draw aside a little, and set herself to watch this severe struggle, in the course of which the Biscayan smote Don Quixote a mighty stroke on the shoulder over the top of his buckler, which, given to one without armour, would have cleft him to the waist.
Don Quixote, feeling the weight of this prodigious blow, cried aloud, saying, 'O lady of my soul, Dulcinea, flower of beauty, come to the aid of this your knight, who, in fulfilling his obligations to your beauty, finds himself in this extreme peril. To say this, to lift his sword, to shelter himself well behind his buckler, and to assail the Biscayan was the work of an instant, determined as he was to venture all upon a single blow.
The Biscayan, seeing him come on in this way, was convinced of his courage by his spirited bearing, and resolved to follow his example, so he waited for him keeping well under cover of his cushion, being unable to execute any sort of manoeuvre with his mule, which, dead tired and never meant for this kind of game, could not stir a step.
It is true the second author of this work was unwilling to believe that a history so curious could have been allowed to fall under the sentence of oblivion, or that the wits of La Mancha could have been so undiscerning as not to preserve in their archives or registries some documents referring to this famous knight and this being his persuasion, he did not despair of finding the conclusion of this pleasant history, which, heaven favouring him, he did find in a way that shall be related in the Second Part.
In the First Part of this history we left the valiant Biscayan and the renowned Don Quixote with drawn swords uplifted, ready to deliver two such furious slashing blows that if they had fallen full and fair they would at least have split and cleft them asunder from top to toe and laid them open like a pomegranate and at this so critical point the delightful history came to a stop and stood cut short without any intimation from the author where what was missing was to be found.
On the other hand, it struck me that, inasmuch as among his books there had been found such modern ones as 'The Enlightenment of Jealousy and the 'Nymphs and Shepherds of Henares, his story must likewise be modern, and that though it might not be written, it might exist in the memory of the people of his village and of those in the neighbourhood.
I say, then, that in these and other respects our gallant Don Quixote is worthy of everlasting and notable praise, nor should it be withheld even from me for the labour and pains spent in searching for the conclusion of this delightful history though I know well that if Heaven, chance and good fortune had not helped me, the world would have remained deprived of an entertainment and pleasure that for a couple of hours or so may well occupy him who shall read it attentively.
In short, chance provided me with one, who when I told him what I wanted and put the book into his hands, opened it in the middle and after reading a little in it began to laugh. I asked him what he was laughing at, and he replied that it was at something the book had written in the margin by way of a note.
I bade him tell it to me and he still laughing said, 'In the margin, as I told you, this is written 'This Dulcinea del Toboso so often mentioned in this history, had, they say, the best hand of any woman in all La Mancha for salting pigs.' When I heard Dulcinea del Toboso named, I was struck with surprise and amazement, for it occurred to me at once that these pamphlets contained the history of Don Quixote.
It required great caution to hide the joy I felt when the title of the book reached my ears, and snatching it from the silk mercer, I bought all the papers and pamphlets from the boy for half a real and if he had had his wits about him and had known how eager I was for them, he might have safely calculated on making more than six reals by the bargain.
He was satisfied with two arrobas of raisins and two bushels of wheat, and promised to translate them faithfully and with all despatch but to make the matter easier, and not to let such a precious find out of my hands, I took him to my house, where in little more than a month and a half he translated the whole just as it is set down here.
In the first pamphlet the battle between Don Quixote and the Biscayan was drawn to the very life, they planted in the same attitude as the history describes, their swords raised, and the one protected by his buckler, the other by his cushion, and the Biscayan's mule so true to nature that it could be seen to be a hired one a bowshot off.
The Biscayan had an inscription under his feet which said, 'Don Sancho de Azpeitia, which no doubt must have been his name and at the feet of Rocinante was another that said, 'Don Quixote. Rocinante was marvellously portrayed, so long and thin, so lank and lean, with so much backbone and so far gone in consumption, that he showed plainly with what judgment and propriety the name of Rocinante had been bestowed upon him.
Near him was Sancho Panza holding the halter of his ass, at whose feet was another label that said, 'Sancho Zancas, and according to the picture, he must have had a big belly, a short body, and long shanks, for which reason, no doubt, the names of Panza and Zancas were given him, for by these two surnames the history several times calls him.
If against the present one any objection be raised on the score of its truth, it can only be that its author was an Arab, as lying is a very common propensity with those of that nation though, as they are such enemies of ours, it is conceivable that there were omissions rather than additions made in the course of it.
In this I know will be found all that can be desired in the pleasantest, and if it be wanting in any good quality, I maintain it is the fault of its hound of an author and not the fault of the subject. To be brief, its Second Part, according to the translation, began in this way With trenchant swords upraised and poised on high, it seemed as though the two valiant and wrathful combatants stood threatening heaven, and earth, and hell, with such resolution and determination did they bear themselves.
The terrified and disconsolate ladies, without discussing Don Quixote's demand or asking who Dulcinea might be, promised that their squire should do all that had been commanded. 'Then, on the faith of that promise, said Don Quixote, 'I shall do him no further harm, though he well deserves it of me.
Now by this time Sancho had risen, rather the worse for the handling of the friars' muleteers, and stood watching the battle of his master, Don Quixote, and praying to God in his heart that it might be his will to grant him the victory, and that he might thereby win some island to make him governor of, as he had promised.
To which Don Quixote replied, 'Thou must take notice, brother Sancho, that this adventure and those like it are not adventures of islands, but of crossroads, in which nothing is got except a broken head or an ear the less have patience, for adventures will present themselves from which I may make you, not only a governor, but something more.
Sancho gave him many thanks, and again kissing his hand and the skirt of his hauberk, helped him to mount Rocinante, and mounting his ass himself, proceeded to follow his master, who at a brisk pace, without taking leave, or saying anything further to the ladies belonging to the coach, turned into a wood that was hard by.
Don Quixote did so, reining in Rocinante until his weary squire came up, who on reaching him said, 'It seems to me, seor, it would be prudent in us to go and take refuge in some church, for, seeing how mauled he with whom you fought has been left, it will be no wonder if they give information of the affair to the Holy Brotherhood and arrest us, and, faith, if they do, before we come out of gaol we shall have to sweat for it.
'Peace, said Don Quixote 'where hast thou ever seen or heard that a knighterrant has been arraigned before a court of justice, however many homicides he may have committed? 'I know nothing about omecils, answered Sancho, 'nor in my life have had anything to do with one I only know that the Holy Brotherhood looks after those who fight in the fields, and in that other matter I do not meddle.
'Then thou needst have no uneasiness, my friend, said Don Quixote, 'for I will deliver thee out of the hands of the Chaldeans, much more out of those of the Brotherhood. But tell me, as thou livest, hast thou seen a more valiant knight than I in all the known world hast thou read in history of any who has or had higher mettle in attack, more spirit in maintaining it, more dexterity in wounding or skill in overthrowing?
'The truth is, answered Sancho, 'that I have never read any history, for I can neither read nor write, but what I will venture to bet is that a more daring master than your worship I have never served in all the days of my life, and God grant that this daring be not paid for where I have said what I beg of your worship is to dress your wound, for a great deal of blood flows from that ear, and I have here some lint and a little white ointment in the alforjas.
'If that be so, said Panza, 'I renounce henceforth the government of the promised island, and desire nothing more in payment of my many and faithful services than that your worship give me the receipt of this supreme liquor, for I am persuaded it will be worth more than two reals an ounce anywhere, and I want no more to pass the rest of my life in ease and honour but it remains to be told if it costs much to make it.
'With less than three reals, six quarts of it may be made, said Don Quixote. 'Sinner that I am! said Sancho, 'then why does your worship put off making it and teaching it to me? 'Peace, friend, answered Don Quixote 'greater secrets I mean to teach thee and greater favours to bestow upon thee and for the present let us see to the dressing, for my ear pains me more than I could wish.
Hearing this, Sancho said to him, 'Your worship should bear in mind, Seor Don Quixote, that if the knight has done what was commanded him in going to present himself before my lady Dulcinea del Toboso, he will have done all that he was bound to do, and does not deserve further punishment unless he commits some new offence.
'Seor, replied Sancho, 'let your worship send all such oaths to the devil, for they are very pernicious to salvation and prejudicial to the conscience just tell me now, if for several days to come we fall in with no man armed with a helmet, what are we to do?
Is the oath to be observed in spite of all the inconvenience and discomfort it will be to sleep in your clothes, and not to sleep in a house, and a thousand other mortifications contained in the oath of that old fool the Marquis of Mantua, which your worship is now wanting to revive?
Let your worship observe that there are no men in armour travelling on any of these roads, nothing but carriers and carters, who not only do not wear helmets, but perhaps never heard tell of them all their lives. 'Thou art wrong there, said Don Quixote, 'for we shall not have been above two hours among these crossroads before we see more men in armour than came to Albraca to win the fair Angelica.
'I have already told thee, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'not to give thyself any uneasiness on that score for if an island should fail, there is the kingdom of Denmark, or of Sobradisa, which will fit thee as a ring fits the finger, and all the more that, being on terra firma, thou wilt all the better enjoy thyself.
But let us leave that to its own time see if thou hast anything for us to eat in those alforjas, because we must presently go in quest of some castle where we may lodge tonight and make the balsam I told thee of, for I swear to thee by God, this ear is giving me great pain.
And though it is plain they could not do without eating and performing all the other natural functions, because, in fact, they were men like ourselves, it is plain too that, wandering as they did the most part of their lives through woods and wilds and without a cook, their most usual fare would be rustic viands such as those thou now offer me so that, friend Sancho, let not that distress thee which pleases me, and do not seek to make a new world or pervert knighterrantry.
'Pardon me, your worship, said Sancho, 'for, as I cannot read or write, as I said just now, I neither know nor comprehend the rules of the profession of chivalry henceforward I will stock the alforjas with every kind of dry fruit for your worship, as you are a knight and for myself, as I am not one, I will furnish them with poultry and other things more substantial.
'I do not say, Sancho, replied Don Quixote, 'that it is imperative on knightserrant not to eat anything else but the fruits thou speakest of only that their more usual diet must be those, and certain herbs they found in the fields which they knew and I know too. 'A good thing it is, answered Sancho, 'to know those herbs, for to my thinking it will be needful some day to put that knowledge into practice.
He was cordially welcomed by the goatherds, and Sancho, having as best he could put up Rocinante and the ass, drew towards the fragrance that came from some pieces of salted goat simmering in a pot on the fire and though he would have liked at once to try if they were ready to be transferred from the pot to the stomach, he refrained from doing so as the goatherds removed them from the fire, and laying sheepskins on the ground, quickly spread their rude table, and with signs of hearty goodwill invited them both to share what they had.
Round the skins six of the men belonging to the fold seated themselves, having first with rough politeness pressed Don Quixote to take a seat upon a trough which they placed for him upside down. Don Quixote seated himself, and Sancho remained standing to serve the cup, which was made of horn.
And indeed, if the truth is to be told, what I eat in my corner without form or fuss has much more relish for me, even though it be bread and onions, than the turkeys of those other tables where I am forced to chew slowly, drink little, wipe my mouth every minute, and cannot sneeze or cough if I want or do other things that are the privileges of liberty and solitude.
So, seor, as for these honours which your worship would put upon me as a servant and follower of knighterrantry, exchange them for other things which may be of more use and advantage to me for these, though I fully acknowledge them as received, I renounce from this moment to the end of the world.
'For all that, said Don Quixote, 'thou must seat thyself, because him who humbleth himself God exalteth and seizing him by the arm he forced him to sit down beside himself. The goatherds did not understand this jargon about squires and knightserrant, and all they did was to eat in silence and stare at their guests, who with great elegance and appetite were stowing away pieces as big as one's fist.
The course of meat finished, they spread upon the sheepskins a great heap of parched acorns, and with them they put down a half cheese harder than if it had been made of mortar. All this while the horn was not idle, for it went round so constantly, now full, now empty, like the bucket of a waterwheel, that it soon drained one of the two wineskins that were in sight.
When Don Quixote had quite appeased his appetite he took up a handful of the acorns, and contemplating them attentively delivered himself somewhat in this fashion 'Happy the age, happy the time, to which the ancients gave the name of golden, not because in that fortunate age the gold so coveted in this our iron one was gained without toil, but because they that lived in it knew not the two words 'mine and 'thine!
In that blessed age all things were in common to win the daily food no labour was required of any save to stretch forth his hand and gather it from the sturdy oaks that stood generously inviting him with their sweet ripe fruit. The clear streams and running brooks yielded their savoury limpid waters in noble abundance.
The busy and sagacious bees fixed their republic in the clefts of the rocks and hollows of the trees, offering without usance the plenteous produce of their fragrant toil to every hand. The mighty cork trees, unenforced save of their own courtesy, shed the broad light bark that served at first to roof the houses supported by rude stakes, a protection against the inclemency of heaven alone.
Then all was peace, all friendship, all concord as yet the dull share of the crooked plough had not dared to rend and pierce the tender bowels of our first mother that without compulsion yielded from every portion of her broad fertile bosom all that could satisfy, sustain, and delight the children that then possessed her.
Nor were their ornaments like those in use today, set off by Tyrian purple, and silk tortured in endless fashions, but the wreathed leaves of the green dock and ivy, wherewith they went as bravely and becomingly decked as our Court dames with all the rare and farfetched artifices that idle curiosity has taught them.
Then the lovethoughts of the heart clothed themselves simply and naturally as the heart conceived them, nor sought to commend themselves by forced and rambling verbiage. Fraud, deceit, or malice had then not yet mingled with truth and sincerity. Justice held her ground, undisturbed and unassailed by the efforts of favour and of interest, that now so much impair, pervert, and beset her.
Arbitrary law had not yet established itself in the mind of the judge, for then there was no cause to judge and no one to be judged. Maidens and modesty, as I have said, wandered at will alone and unattended, without fear of insult from lawlessness or libertine assault, and if they were undone it was of their own will and pleasure.
But now in this hateful age of ours not one is safe, not though some new labyrinth like that of Crete conceal and surround her even there the pestilence of gallantry will make its way to them through chinks or on the air by the zeal of its accursed importunity, and, despite of all seclusion, lead them to ruin.
To this order I belong, brother goatherds, to whom I return thanks for the hospitality and kindly welcome ye offer me and my squire for though by natural law all living are bound to show favour to knightserrant, yet, seeing that without knowing this obligation ye have welcomed and feasted me, it is right that with all the goodwill in my power I should thank you for yours.
All this long harangue (which might very well have been spared) our knight delivered because the acorns they gave him reminded him of the golden age and the whim seized him to address all this unnecessary argument to the goatherds, who listened to him gaping in amazement without saying a word in reply.
Don Quixote was longer in talking than the supper in finishing, at the end of which one of the goatherds said, 'That your worship, seor knighterrant, may say with more truth that we show you hospitality with ready goodwill, we will give you amusement and pleasure by making one of our comrades sing he will be here before long, and he is a very intelligent youth and deep in love, and what is more he can read and write and play on the rebeck to perfection.
'With all my heart, said the young man, and without waiting for more pressing he seated himself on the trunk of a felled oak, and tuning his rebeck, presently began to sing to these words. ANTONIO'S BALLAD Thou dost love me well, Olalla Well I know it, even though Love's mute tongues, thine eyes, have never By their glances told me so.
For I know my love thou knowest, Therefore thine to claim I dare Once it ceases to be secret, Love need never feel despair. True it is, Olalla, sometimes Thou hast all too plainly shown That thy heart is brass in hardness, And thy snowy bosom stone. Yet for all that, in thy coyness, And thy fickle fits between, Hope is thereat least the border Of her garment may be seen.
Lures to faith are they, those glimpses, And to faith in thee I hold Kindness cannot make it stronger, Coldness cannot make it cold. If it be that love is gentle, In thy gentleness I see Something holding out assurance To the hope of winning thee. If it be that in devotion Lies a power hearts to move, That which every day I show thee, Helpful to my suit should prove.
Many a time thou must have noticed If to notice thou dost care How I go about on Monday Dressed in all my Sunday wear. Love's eyes love to look on brightness Love loves what is gaily drest Sunday, Monday, all I care is Thou shouldst see me in my best.
No account I make of dances, Or of strains that pleased thee so, Keeping thee awake from midnight Till the cocks began to crow Or of how I roundly swore it That there's none so fair as thou True it is, but as I said it, By the girls I'm hated now.
For Teresa of the hillside At my praise of thee was sore Said, 'You think you love an angel It's a monkey you adore 'Caught by all her glittering trinkets, And her borrowed braids of hair, And a host of madeup beauties That would Love himself ensnare. 'Twas a lie, and so I told her, And her cousin at the word Gave me his defiance for it And what followed thou hast heard.
Mine is no highflown affection, Mine no passion par amours As they call itwhat I offer Is an honest love, and pure. Cunning cords the holy Church has, Cords of softest silk they be Put thy neck beneath the yoke, dear Mine will follow, thou wilt see. Elseand once for all I swear it By the saint of most renown If I ever quit the mountains, 'Twill be in a friar's gown.
Here the goatherd brought his song to an end, and though Don Quixote entreated him to sing more, Sancho had no mind that way, being more inclined for sleep than for listening to songs so said he to his master, 'Your worship will do well to settle at once where you mean to pass the night, for the labour these good men are at all day does not allow them to spend the night in singing.
'I do not deny it, replied Don Quixote 'but settle thyself where thou wilt those of my calling are more becomingly employed in watching than in sleeping still it would be as well if thou wert to dress this ear for me again, for it is giving me more pain than it need.
Sancho did as he bade him, but one of the goatherds, seeing the wound, told him not to be uneasy, as he would apply a remedy with which it would be soon healed and gathering some leaves of rosemary, of which there was a great quantity there, he chewed them and mixed them with a little salt, and applying them to the ear he secured them firmly with a bandage, assuring him that no other treatment would be required, and so it proved.
'Well, then, you must know, continued the young man, 'this morning that famous studentshepherd called Chrysostom died, and it is rumoured that he died of love for that devil of a village girl the daughter of Guillermo the Rich, she that wanders about the wolds here in the dress of a shepherdess.
'Her I mean, answered the goatherd 'and the best of it is, he has directed in his will that he is to be buried in the fields like a Moor, and at the foot of the rock where the Corktree spring is, because, as the story goes (and they say he himself said so), that was the place where he first saw her.
To all which his great friend Ambrosio the student, he who, like him, also went dressed as a shepherd, replies that everything must be done without any omission according to the directions left by Chrysostom, and about this the village is all in commotion however, report says that, after all, what Ambrosio and all the shepherds his friends desire will be done, and tomorrow they are coming to bury him with great ceremony where I said.
I am sure it will be something worth seeing at least I will not fail to go and see it even if I knew I should not return to the village tomorrow. 'We will do the same, answered the goatherds, 'and cast lots to see who must stay to mind the goats of all.
'Thou sayest well, Pedro, said one, 'though there will be no need of taking that trouble, for I will stay behind for all and don't suppose it is virtue or want of curiosity in me it is that the splinter that ran into my foot the other day will not let me walk.
Don Quixote asked Pedro to tell him who the dead man was and who the shepherdess, to which Pedro replied that all he knew was that the dead man was a wealthy gentleman belonging to a village in those mountains, who had been a student at Salamanca for many years, at the end of which he returned to his village with the reputation of being very learned and deeply read.
'Above all, they said, he was learned in the science of the stars and of what went on yonder in the heavens and the sun and the moon, for he told us of the cris of the sun and moon to exact time. 'Eclipse it is called, friend, not cris, the darkening of those two luminaries, said Don Quixote but Pedro, not troubling himself with trifles, went on with his story, saying, 'Also he foretold when the year was going to be one of abundance or estility.
And I can tell you that by this his father and friends who believed him grew very rich because they did as he advised them, bidding them 'sow barley this year, not wheat this year you may sow pulse and not barley the next there will be a full oil crop, and the three following not a drop will be got.' 'That science is called astrology, said Don Quixote.
But, to make an end, not many months had passed after he returned from Salamanca, when one day he appeared dressed as a shepherd with his crook and sheepskin, having put off the long gown he wore as a scholar and at the same time his great friend, Ambrosio by name, who had been his companion in his studies, took to the shepherd's dress with him.
I forgot to say that Chrysostom, who is dead, was a great man for writing verses, so much so that he made carols for Christmas Eve, and plays for Corpus Christi, which the young men of our village acted, and all said they were excellent. When the villagers saw the two scholars so unexpectedly appearing in shepherd's dress, they were lost in wonder, and could not guess what had led them to make so extraordinary a change.
About this time the father of our Chrysostom died, and he was left heir to a large amount of property in chattels as well as in land, no small number of cattle and sheep, and a large sum of money, of all of which the young man was left dissolute owner, and indeed he was deserving of it all, for he was a very good comrade, and kindhearted, and a friend of worthy folk, and had a countenance like a benediction.
Presently it came to be known that he had changed his dress with no other object than to wander about these wastes after that shepherdess Marcela our lad mentioned a while ago, with whom the deceased Chrysostom had fallen in love. And I must tell you now, for it is well you should know it, who this girl is perhaps, and even without any perhaps, you will not have heard anything like it all the days of your life, though you should live more years than sarna.
'Say Sarra, said Don Quixote, unable to endure the goatherd's confusion of words. 'The sarna lives long enough, answered Pedro 'and if, seor, you must go finding fault with words at every step, we shall not make an end of it this twelvemonth. 'Pardon me, friend, said Don Quixote 'but, as there is such a difference between sarna and Sarra, I told you of it however, you have answered very rightly, for sarna lives longer than Sarra so continue your story, and I will not object any more to anything.
The girl grew up with such beauty that it reminded us of her mother's, which was very great, and yet it was thought that the daughter's would exceed it and so when she reached the age of fourteen to fifteen years nobody beheld her but blessed God that had made her so beautiful, and the greater number were in love with her past redemption.
Her uncle kept her in great seclusion and retirement, but for all that the fame of her great beauty spread so that, as well for it as for her great wealth, her uncle was asked, solicited, and importuned, to give her in marriage not only by those of our town but of those many leagues round, and by the persons of highest quality in them.
But he, being a good Christian man, though he desired to give her in marriage at once, seeing her to be old enough, was unwilling to do so without her consent, not that he had any eye to the gain and profit which the custody of the girl's property brought him while he put off her marriage and, faith, this was said in praise of the good priest in more than one set in the town.
For I would have you know, Sir Errant, that in these little villages everything is talked about and everything is carped at, and rest assured, as I am, that the priest must be over and above good who forces his parishioners to speak well of him, especially in villages. 'That is the truth, said Don Quixote 'but go on, for the story is very good, and you, good Pedro, tell it with very good grace.
To proceed you must know that though the uncle put before his niece and described to her the qualities of each one in particular of the many who had asked her in marriage, begging her to marry and make a choice according to her own taste, she never gave any other answer than that she had no desire to marry just yet, and that being so young she did not think herself fit to bear the burden of matrimony.
At these, to all appearance, reasonable excuses that she made, her uncle ceased to urge her, and waited till she was somewhat more advanced in age and could mate herself to her own liking. For, said heand he said quite rightparents are not to settle children in life against their will.
But when one least looked for it, lo and behold! one day the demure Marcela makes her appearance turned shepherdess and, in spite of her uncle and all those of the town that strove to dissuade her, took to going afield with the other shepherdlasses of the village, and tending her own flock.
And so, since she appeared in public, and her beauty came to be seen openly, I could not well tell you how many rich youths, gentlemen and peasants, have adopted the costume of Chrysostom, and go about these fields making love to her. One of these, as has been already said, was our deceased friend, of whom they say that he did not love but adore her.
But you must not suppose, because Marcela chose a life of such liberty and independence, and of so little or rather no retirement, that she has given any occasion, or even the semblance of one, for disparagement of her purity and modesty on the contrary, such and so great is the vigilance with which she watches over her honour, that of all those that court and woo her not one has boasted, or can with truth boast, that she has given him any hope however small of obtaining his desire.
For although she does not avoid or shun the society and conversation of the shepherds, and treats them courteously and kindly, should any one of them come to declare his intention to her, though it be one as proper and holy as that of matrimony, she flings him from her like a catapult.
Not far from this there is a spot where there are a couple of dozen of tall beeches, and there is not one of them but has carved and written on its smooth bark the name of Marcela, and above some a crown carved on the same tree as though her lover would say more plainly that Marcela wore and deserved that of all human beauty.
One will pass all the hours of the night seated at the foot of some oak or rock, and there, without having closed his weeping eyes, the sun finds him in the morning bemused and bereft of sense and another without relief or respite to his sighs, stretched on the burning sand in the full heat of the sultry summer noontide, makes his appeal to the compassionate heavens, and over one and the other, over these and all, the beautiful Marcela triumphs free and careless.
And all of us that know her are waiting to see what her pride will come to, and who is to be the happy man that will succeed in taming a nature so formidable and gaining possession of a beauty so supreme. All that I have told you being such wellestablished truth, I am persuaded that what they say of the cause of Chrysostom's death, as our lad told us, is the same.
And so I advise you, seor, fail not to be present tomorrow at his burial, which will be well worth seeing, for Chrysostom had many friends, and it is not half a league from this place to where he directed he should be buried. 'I will make a point of it, said Don Quixote, 'and I thank you for the pleasure you have given me by relating so interesting a tale.
'Oh, said the goatherd, 'I do not know even the half of what has happened to the lovers of Marcela, but perhaps tomorrow we may fall in with some shepherd on the road who can tell us and now it will be well for you to go and sleep under cover, for the night air may hurt your wound, though with the remedy I have applied to you there is no fear of an untoward result.
Sancho Panza, who was wishing the goatherd's loquacity at the devil, on his part begged his master to go into Pedro's hut to sleep. He did so, and passed all the rest of the night in thinking of his lady Dulcinea, in imitation of the lovers of Marcela. Sancho Panza settled himself between Rocinante and his ass, and slept, not like a lover who had been discarded, but like a man who had been soundly kicked.
But hardly had day begun to show itself through the balconies of the east, when five of the six goatherds came to rouse Don Quixote and tell him that if he was still of a mind to go and see the famous burial of Chrysostom they would bear him company.
Don Quixote, who desired nothing better, rose and ordered Sancho to saddle and pannel at once, which he did with all despatch, and with the same they all set out forthwith. They had not gone a quarter of a league when at the meeting of two paths they saw coming towards them some six shepherds dressed in black sheepskins and with their heads crowned with garlands of cypress and bitter oleander.
Each of them carried a stout holly staff in his hand, and along with them there came two men of quality on horseback in handsome travelling dress, with three servants on foot accompanying them. Courteous salutations were exchanged on meeting, and inquiring one of the other which way each party was going, they learned that all were bound for the scene of the burial, so they went on all together.
One of those on horseback addressing his companion said to him, 'It seems to me, Seor Vivaldo, that we may reckon as well spent the delay we shall incur in seeing this remarkable funeral, for remarkable it cannot but be judging by the strange things these shepherds have told us, of both the dead shepherd and homicide shepherdess.
The traveller answered that the same morning they had met these shepherds, and seeing them dressed in this mournful fashion they had asked them the reason of their appearing in such a guise which one of them gave, describing the strange behaviour and beauty of a shepherdess called Marcela, and the loves of many who courted her, together with the death of that Chrysostom to whose burial they were going.
To which Don Quixote replied, 'The pursuit of my calling does not allow or permit me to go in any other fashion easy life, enjoyment, and repose were invented for soft courtiers, but toil, unrest, and arms were invented and made for those alone whom the world calls knightserrant, of whom I, though unworthy, am the least of all.
Handed down from that time, then, this order of chivalry went on extending and spreading itself over many and various parts of the world and in it, famous and renowned for their deeds, were the mighty Amadis of Gaul with all his sons and descendants to the fifth generation, and the valiant Felixmarte of Hircania, and the never sufficiently praised Tirante el Blanco, and in our own days almost we have seen and heard and talked with the invincible knight Don Belianis of Greece.
This, then, sirs, is to be a knighterrant, and what I have spoken of is the order of his chivalry, of which, as I have already said, I, though a sinner, have made profession, and what the aforesaid knights professed that same do I profess, and so I go through these solitudes and wilds seeking adventures, resolved in soul to oppose my arm and person to the most perilous that fortune may offer me in aid of the weak and needy.
By these words of his the travellers were able to satisfy themselves of Don Quixote's being out of his senses and of the form of madness that overmastered him, at which they felt the same astonishment that all felt on first becoming acquainted with it and Vivaldo, who was a person of great shrewdness and of a lively temperament, in order to beguile the short journey which they said was required to reach the mountain, the scene of the burial, sought to give him an opportunity of going on with his absurdities.
So he said to him, 'It seems to me, Seor Knighterrant, that your worship has made choice of one of the most austere professions in the world, and I imagine even that of the Carthusian monks is not so austere. 'As austere it may perhaps be, replied our Don Quixote, 'but so necessary for the world I am very much inclined to doubt.
My meaning, is, that churchmen in peace and quiet pray to Heaven for the welfare of the world, but we soldiers and knights carry into effect what they pray for, defending it with the might of our arms and the edge of our swords, not under shelter but in the open air, a target for the intolerable rays of the sun in summer and the piercing frosts of winter.
And as the business of war and all that relates and belongs to it cannot be conducted without exceeding great sweat, toil, and exertion, it follows that those who make it their profession have undoubtedly more labour than those who in tranquil peace and quiet are engaged in praying to God to help the weak.
I do not mean to say, nor does it enter into my thoughts, that the knighterrant's calling is as good as that of the monk in his cell I would merely infer from what I endure myself that it is beyond a doubt a more laborious and a more belaboured one, a hungrier and thirstier, a wretcheder, raggeder, and lousier for there is no reason to doubt that the knightserrant of yore endured much hardship in the course of their lives.
And if some of them by the might of their arms did rise to be emperors, in faith it cost them dear in the matter of blood and sweat and if those who attained to that rank had not had magicians and sages to help them they would have been completely baulked in their ambition and disappointed in their hopes.
'Nevertheless, said the traveller, 'if I remember rightly, I think I have read that Don Galaor, the brother of the valiant Amadis of Gaul, never had any special lady to whom he might commend himself, and yet he was not the less esteemed, and was a very stout and famous knight.
To which our Don Quixote made answer, 'Sir, one solitary swallow does not make summer moreover, I know that knight was in secret very deeply in love besides which, that way of falling in love with all that took his fancy was a natural propensity which he could not control.
'Although mine is of the Cachopins of Laredo, said the traveller, 'I will not venture to compare it with that of El Toboso of La Mancha, though, to tell the truth, no such surname has until now ever reached my ears. 'What! said Don Quixote, 'has that never reached them?
Sancho Panza alone thought that what his master said was the truth, knowing who he was and having known him from his birth and all that he felt any difficulty in believing was that about the fair Dulcinea del Toboso, because neither any such name nor any such princess had ever come to his knowledge though he lived so close to El Toboso.
Six of the number were carrying a bier covered with a great variety of flowers and branches, on seeing which one of the goatherds said, 'Those who come there are the bearers of Chrysostom's body, and the foot of that mountain is the place where he ordered them to bury him.
They greeted each other courteously, and then Don Quixote and those who accompanied him turned to examine the bier, and on it, covered with flowers, they saw a dead body in the dress of a shepherd, to all appearance of one thirty years of age, and showing even in death that in life he had been of comely features and gallant bearing.
Around him on the bier itself were laid some books, and several papers open and folded and those who were looking on as well as those who were opening the grave and all the others who were there preserved a strange silence, until one of those who had borne the body said to another, 'Observe carefully, Ambrosio if this is the place Chrysostom spoke of, since you are anxious that what he directed in his will should be so strictly complied with.
Here it was, he told me, that he saw for the first time that mortal enemy of the human race, and here, too, for the first time he declared to her his passion, as honourable as it was devoted, and here it was that at last Marcela ended by scorning and rejecting him so as to bring the tragedy of his wretched life to a close here, in memory of misfortunes so great, he desired to be laid in the bowels of eternal oblivion.
That is the body of Chrysostom, who was unrivalled in wit, unequalled in courtesy, unapproached in gentle bearing, a phnix in friendship, generous without limit, grave without arrogance, gay without vulgarity, and, in short, first in all that constitutes goodness and second to none in all that makes up misfortune.
He loved deeply, he was hated he adored, he was scorned he wooed a wild beast, he pleaded with marble, he pursued the wind, he cried to the wilderness, he served ingratitude, and for reward was made the prey of death in the midcourse of life, cut short by a shepherdess whom he sought to immortalise in the memory of man, as these papers which you see could fully prove, had he not commanded me to consign them to the fire after having consigned his body to the earth.
'You would deal with them more harshly and cruelly than their owner himself, said Vivaldo, 'for it is neither right nor proper to do the will of one who enjoins what is wholly unreasonable it would not have been reasonable in Augustus Csar had he permitted the directions left by the divine Mantuan in his will to be carried into effect.
Last night we learned the death of Chrysostom and that he was to be buried here, and out of curiosity and pity we left our direct road and resolved to come and see with our eyes that which when heard of had so moved our compassion, and in consideration of that compassion and our desire to prove it if we might by condolence, we beg of you, excellent Ambrosio, or at least I on my own account entreat you, that instead of burning those papers you allow me to carry away some of them.
And without waiting for the shepherd's answer, he stretched out his hand and took up some of those that were nearest to him seeing which Ambrosio said, 'Out of courtesy, seor, I will grant your request as to those you have taken, but it is idle to expect me to abstain from burning the remainder.
Ambrosio hearing it said, 'That is the last paper the unhappy man wrote and that you may see, seor, to what an end his misfortunes brought him, read it so that you may be heard, for you will have time enough for that while we are waiting for the grave to be dug.
THE LAY OF CHRYSOSTOM Since thou dost in thy cruelty desire The ruthless rigour of thy tyranny From tongue to tongue, from land to land proclaimed, The very Hell will I constrain to lend This stricken breast of mine deep notes of woe To serve my need of fitting utterance.
And as I strive to body forth the tale Of all I suffer, all that thou hast done, Forth shall the dread voice roll, and bear along Shreds from my vitals torn for greater pain. Then listen, not to dulcet harmony, But to a discord wrung by mad despair Out of this bosom's depths of bitterness, To ease my heart and plant a sting in thine.
The lion's roar, the fierce wolf's savage howl, The horrid hissing of the scaly snake, The awesome cries of monsters yet unnamed, The crow's illboding croak, the hollow moan Of wild winds wrestling with the restless sea, The wrathful bellow of the vanquished bull, The plaintive sobbing of the widowed dove, The envied owl's sad note, the wail of woe That rises from the dreary choir of Hell, Commingled in one sound, confusing sense, Let all these come to aid my soul's complaint, For pain like mine demands new modes of song.
No echoes of that discord shall be heard Where Father Tagus rolls, or on the banks Of olivebordered Betis to the rocks Or in deep caverns shall my plaint be told, And by a lifeless tongue in living words Or in dark valleys or on lonely shores, Where neither foot of man nor sunbeam falls Or in among the poisonbreathing swarms Of monsters nourished by the sluggish Nile.
Disdain hath power to kill, and patience dies Slain by suspicion, be it false or true And deadly is the force of jealousy Long absence makes of life a dreary void No hope of happiness can give repose To him that ever fears to be forgot And death, inevitable, waits in hall.
But I, by some strange miracle, live on A prey to absence, jealousy, disdain Racked by suspicion as by certainty Forgotten, left to feed my flame alone. And while I suffer thus, there comes no ray Of hope to gladden me athwart the gloom Nor do I look for it in my despair But rather clinging to a cureless woe, All hope do I abjure for evermore.
Can there be hope where fear is? Were it well, When far more certain are the grounds of fear? Ought I to shut mine eyes to jealousy, If through a thousand heartwounds it appears? Who would not give free access to distrust, Seeing disdain unveiled, andbitter change! All his suspicions turned to certainties, And the fair truth transformed into a lie?
Oh, thou fierce tyrant of the realms of love, Oh, Jealousy! put chains upon these hands, And bind me with thy strongest cord, Disdain. But, woe is me! triumphant over all, My sufferings drown the memory of you. And now I die, and since there is no hope Of happiness for me in life or death, Still to my fantasy I'll fondly cling.
I'll say that he is wise who loveth well, And that the soul most free is that most bound In thraldom to the ancient tyrant Love. I'll say that she who is mine enemy In that fair body hath as fair a mind, And that her coldness is but my desert, And that by virtue of the pain he sends Love rules his kingdom with a gentle sway.
Thou whose injustice hath supplied the cause That makes me quit the weary life I loathe, As by this wounded bosom thou canst see How willingly thy victim I become, Let not my death, if haply worth a tear, Cloud the clear heaven that dwells in thy bright eyes I would not have thee expiate in aught The crime of having made my heart thy prey But rather let thy laughter gaily ring And prove my death to be thy festival.
And now it is the time from Hell's abyss Come thirsting Tantalus, come Sisyphus Heaving the cruel stone, come Tityus With vulture, and with wheel Ixion come, And come the sisters of the ceaseless toil And all into this breast transfer their pains, And (if such tribute to despair be due) Chant in their deepest tones a doleful dirge Over a corse unworthy of a shroud.
Let the threeheaded guardian of the gate, And all the monstrous progeny of hell, The doleful concert join a lover dead Methinks can have no fitter obsequies. Lay of despair, grieve not when thou art gone Forth from this sorrowing heart my misery Brings fortune to the cause that gave thee birth Then banish sadness even in the tomb.
'That is true, said Vivaldo and as he was about to read another paper of those he had preserved from the fire, he was stopped by a marvellous vision (for such it seemed) that unexpectedly presented itself to their eyes for on the summit of the rock where they were digging the grave there appeared the shepherdess Marcela, so beautiful that her beauty exceeded its reputation.
But the instant Ambrosio saw her he addressed her, with manifest indignation 'Art thou come, by chance, cruel basilisk of these mountains, to see if in thy presence blood will flow from the wounds of this wretched being thy cruelty has robbed of life or is it to exult over the cruel work of thy humours that thou art come or like another pitiless Nero to look down from that height upon the ruin of his Rome in embers or in thy arrogance to trample on this illfated corpse, as the ungrateful daughter trampled on her father Tarquin's?
'I come not, Ambrosio for any of the purposes thou hast named, replied Marcela, 'but to defend myself and to prove how unreasonable are all those who blame me for their sorrow and for Chrysostom's death and therefore I ask all of you that are here to give me your attention, for it will not take much time or many words to bring the truth home to persons of sense.
By that natural understanding which God has given me I know that everything beautiful attracts love, but I cannot see how, by reason of being loved, that which is loved for its beauty is bound to love that which loves it besides, it may happen that the lover of that which is beautiful may be ugly, and ugliness being detestable, it is very absurd to say, 'I love thee because thou art beautiful, thou must love me though I be ugly.
But supposing the beauty equal on both sides, it does not follow that the inclinations must be therefore alike, for it is not every beauty that excites love, some but pleasing the eye without winning the affection and if every sort of beauty excited love and won the heart, the will would wander vaguely to and fro unable to make choice of any for as there is an infinity of beautiful objects there must be an infinity of inclinations, and true love, I have heard it said, is indivisible, and must be voluntary and not compelled.
If this be so, as I believe it to be, why do you desire me to bend my will by force, for no other reason but that you say you love me? Naytell mehad Heaven made me ugly, as it has made me beautiful, could I with justice complain of you for not loving me?
Honour and virtue are the ornaments of the mind, without which the body, though it be so, has no right to pass for beautiful but if modesty is one of the virtues that specially lend a grace and charm to mind and body, why should she who is loved for her beauty part with it to gratify one who for his pleasure alone strives with all his might and energy to rob her of it?
I was born free, and that I might live in freedom I chose the solitude of the fields in the trees of the mountains I find society, the clear waters of the brooks are my mirrors, and to the trees and waters I make known my thoughts and charms. I am a fire afar off, a sword laid aside.
If I had encouraged him, I should be false if I had gratified him, I should have acted against my own better resolution and purpose. He was persistent in spite of warning, he despaired without being hated. Bethink you now if it be reasonable that his suffering should be laid to my charge.
Let him who has been deceived complain, let him give way to despair whose encouraged hopes have proved vain, let him flatter himself whom I shall entice, let him boast whom I shall receive but let not him call me cruel or homicide to whom I make no promise, upon whom I practise no deception, whom I neither entice nor receive.
Let this general declaration serve for each of my suitors on his own account, and let it be understood from this time forth that if anyone dies for me it is not of jealousy or misery he dies, for she who loves no one can give no cause for jealousy to any, and candour is not to be confounded with scorn.
Let him who calls me wild beast and basilisk, leave me alone as something noxious and evil let him who calls me ungrateful, withhold his service who calls me wayward, seek not my acquaintance who calls me cruel, pursue me not for this wild beast, this basilisk, this ungrateful, cruel, wayward being has no kind of desire to seek, serve, know, or follow them.
I have, as you know, wealth of my own, and I covet not that of others my taste is for freedom, and I have no relish for constraint I neither love nor hate anyone I do not deceive this one or court that, or trifle with one or play with another.
The modest converse of the shepherd girls of these hamlets and the care of my goats are my recreations my desires are bounded by these mountains, and if they ever wander hence it is to contemplate the beauty of the heavens, steps by which the soul travels to its primeval abode.
Somethose wounded by the irresistible shafts launched by her bright eyesmade as though they would follow her, heedless of the frank declaration they had heard seeing which, and deeming this a fitting occasion for the exercise of his chivalry in aid of distressed damsels, Don Quixote, laying his hand on the hilt of his sword, exclaimed in a loud and distinct voice 'Let no one, whatever his rank or condition, dare to follow the beautiful Marcela, under pain of incurring my fierce indignation.
She has shown by clear and satisfactory arguments that little or no fault is to be found with her for the death of Chrysostom, and also how far she is from yielding to the wishes of any of her lovers, for which reason, instead of being followed and persecuted, she should in justice be honoured and esteemed by all the good people of the world, for she shows that she is the only woman in it that holds to such a virtuous resolution.
Whether it was because of the threats of Don Quixote, or because Ambrosio told them to fulfil their duty to their good friend, none of the shepherds moved or stirred from the spot until, having finished the grave and burned Chrysostom's papers, they laid his body in it, not without many tears from those who stood by.
They closed the grave with a heavy stone until a slab was ready which Ambrosio said he meant to have prepared, with an epitaph which was to be to this effect Beneath the stone before your eyes The body of a lover lies In life he was a shepherd swain, In death a victim to disdain.
Vivaldo and his companion did the same and Don Quixote bade farewell to his hosts and to the travellers, who pressed him to come with them to Seville, as being such a convenient place for finding adventures, for they presented themselves in every street and round every corner oftener than anywhere else.
Don Quixote thanked them for their advice and for the disposition they showed to do him a favour, and said that for the present he would not, and must not go to Seville until he had cleared all these mountains of highwaymen and robbers, of whom report said they were full.
Seeing his good intention, the travellers were unwilling to press him further, and once more bidding him farewell, they left him and pursued their journey, in the course of which they did not fail to discuss the story of Marcela and Chrysostom as well as the madness of Don Quixote.
He, on his part, resolved to go in quest of the shepherdess Marcela, and make offer to her of all the service he could render her but things did not fall out with him as he expected, according to what is related in the course of this veracious history, of which the Second Part ends here.
Don Quixote and Sancho dismounted, and turning Rocinante and the ass loose to feed on the grass that was there in abundance, they ransacked the alforjas, and without any ceremony very peacefully and sociably master and man made their repast on what they found in them. Sancho had not thought it worth while to hobble Rocinante, feeling sure, from what he knew of his staidness and freedom from incontinence, that all the mares in the Cordova pastures would not lead him into an impropriety.
Chance, however, and the devil, who is not always asleep, so ordained it that feeding in this valley there was a drove of Galician ponies belonging to certain Yanguesan carriers, whose way it is to take their midday rest with their teams in places and spots where grass and water abound and that where Don Quixote chanced to be suited the Yanguesans' purpose very well.
By this time Don Quixote and Sancho, who had witnessed the drubbing of Rocinante, came up panting, and said Don Quixote to Sancho 'So far as I can see, friend Sancho, these are not knights but base folk of low birth I mention it because thou canst lawfully aid me in taking due vengeance for the insult offered to Rocinante before our eyes.
'I count for a hundred, replied Don Quixote, and without more words he drew his sword and attacked the Yanguesans and excited and impelled by the example of his master, Sancho did the same and to begin with, Don Quixote delivered a slash at one of them that laid open the leather jerkin he wore, together with a great portion of his shoulder.
The Yanguesans, seeing themselves assaulted by only two men while they were so many, betook themselves to their stakes, and driving the two into the middle they began to lay on with great zeal and energy in fact, at the second blow they brought Sancho to the ground, and Don Quixote fared the same way, all his skill and high mettle availing him nothing, and fate willed it that he should fall at the feet of Rocinante, who had not yet risen whereby it may be seen how furiously stakes can pound in angry boorish hands.
Then, seeing the mischief they had done, the Yanguesans with all the haste they could loaded their team and pursued their journey, leaving the two adventurers a sorry sight and in sorrier mood. Sancho was the first to come to, and finding himself close to his master he called to him in a weak and doleful voice, 'Seor Don Quixote, ah, Seor Don Quixote!
'What wouldst thou, brother Sancho? answered Don Quixote in the same feeble suffering tone as Sancho. 'I would like, if it were possible, answered Sancho Panza, 'your worship to give me a couple of sups of that potion of the fiery Blas, if it be that you have any to hand there perhaps it will serve for broken bones as well as for wounds.
'If I only had it here, wretch that I am, what more should we want? said Don Quixote 'but I swear to thee, Sancho Panza, on the faith of a knighterrant, ere two days are over, unless fortune orders otherwise, I mean to have it in my possession, or my hand will have lost its cunning.
Come now, sinner, suppose the wind of fortune, hitherto so adverse, should turn in our favour, filling the sails of our desires so that safely and without impediment we put into port in some one of those islands I have promised thee, how would it be with thee if on winning it I made thee lord of it?
'In what has now befallen us, answered Sancho, 'I'd have been well pleased to have that good sense and that valour your worship speaks of, but I swear on the faith of a poor man I am more fit for plasters than for arguments. See if your worship can get up, and let us help Rocinante, though he does not deserve it, for he was the main cause of all this thrashing.
I never thought it of Rocinante, for I took him to be a virtuous person and as quiet as myself. After all, they say right that it takes a long time to come to know people, and that there is nothing sure in this life. Who would have said that, after such mighty slashes as your worship gave that unlucky knighterrant, there was coming, travelling post and at the very heels of them, such a great storm of sticks as has fallen upon our shoulders?
'And yet thine, Sancho, replied Don Quixote, 'ought to be used to such squalls but mine, reared in soft cloth and fine linen, it is plain they must feel more keenly the pain of this mishap, and if it were not that I imaginewhy do I say imagine?know of a certainty that all these annoyances are very necessary accompaniments of the calling of arms, I would lay me down here to die of pure vexation.
To this the squire replied, 'Seor, as these mishaps are what one reaps of chivalry, tell me if they happen very often, or if they have their own fixed times for coming to pass because it seems to me that after two harvests we shall be no good for the third, unless God in his infinite mercy helps us.
For I would have thee know, Sancho, that wounds caused by any instruments which happen by chance to be in hand inflict no indignity, and this is laid down in the law of the duel in express words if, for instance, the cobbler strikes another with the last which he has in his hand, though it be in fact a piece of wood, it cannot be said for that reason that he whom he struck with it has been cudgelled.
I say this lest thou shouldst imagine that because we have been drubbed in this affray we have therefore suffered any indignity for the arms those men carried, with which they pounded us, were nothing more than their stakes, and not one of them, so far as I remember, carried rapier, sword, or dagger.
'They gave me no time to see that much, answered Sancho, 'for hardly had I laid hand on my tizona when they signed the cross on my shoulders with their sticks in such style that they took the sight out of my eyes and the strength out of my feet, stretching me where I now lie, and where thinking of whether all those stakestrokes were an indignity or not gives me no uneasiness, which the pain of the blows does, for they will remain as deeply impressed on my memory as on my shoulders.
'For all that let me tell thee, brother Panza, said Don Quixote, 'that there is no recollection which time does not put an end to, and no pain which death does not remove. 'And what greater misfortune can there be, replied Panza, 'than the one that waits for time to put an end to it and death to remove it?
If our mishap were one of those that are cured with a couple of plasters, it would not be so bad but I am beginning to think that all the plasters in a hospital almost won't be enough to put us right. 'No more of that pluck strength out of weakness, Sancho, as I mean to do, returned Don Quixote, 'and let us see how Rocinante is, for it seems to me that not the least share of this mishap has fallen to the lot of the poor beast.
'There is nothing wonderful in that, replied Sancho, 'since he is a knighterrant too what I wonder at is that my beast should have come off scotfree where we come out scotched. 'Fortune always leaves a door open in adversity in order to bring relief to it, said Don Quixote 'I say so because this little beast may now supply the want of Rocinante, carrying me hence to some castle where I may be cured of my wounds.
And moreover I shall not hold it any dishonour to be so mounted, for I remember having read how the good old Silenus, the tutor and instructor of the gay god of laughter, when he entered the city of the hundred gates, went very contentedly mounted on a handsome ass.
To which Don Quixote replied, 'Wounds received in battle confer honour instead of taking it away and so, friend Panza, say no more, but, as I told thee before, get up as well as thou canst and put me on top of thy beast in whatever fashion pleases thee best, and let us go hence ere night come on and surprise us in these wilds.
To be brief, Sancho fixed Don Quixote on the ass and secured Rocinante with a leading rein, and taking the ass by the halter, he proceeded more or less in the direction in which it seemed to him the high road might be and, as chance was conducting their affairs for them from good to better, he had not gone a short league when the road came in sight, and on it he perceived an inn, which to his annoyance and to the delight of Don Quixote must needs be a castle.
Sancho insisted that it was an inn, and his master that it was not one, but a castle, and the dispute lasted so long that before the point was settled they had time to reach it, and into it Sancho entered with all his team without any further controversy. The innkeeper, seeing Don Quixote slung across the ass, asked Sancho what was amiss with him.
The innkeeper had a wife whose disposition was not such as those of her calling commonly have, for she was by nature kindhearted and felt for the sufferings of her neighbours, so she at once set about tending Don Quixote, and made her young daughter, a very comely girl, help her in taking care of her guest.
There was besides in the inn, as servant, an Asturian lass with a broad face, flat poll, and snub nose, blind of one eye and not very sound in the other. The elegance of her shape, to be sure, made up for all her defects she did not measure seven palms from head to foot, and her shoulders, which overweighted her somewhat, made her contemplate the ground more than she liked.
On this accursed bed Don Quixote stretched himself, and the hostess and her daughter soon covered him with plasters from top to toe, while Maritornesfor that was the name of the Asturianheld the light for them, and while plastering him, the hostess, observing how full of wheals Don Quixote was in some places, remarked that this had more the look of blows than of a fall.
It was not blows, Sancho said, but that the rock had many points and projections, and that each of them had left its mark. 'Pray, seora, he added, 'manage to save some tow, as there will be no want of someone to use it, for my loins too are rather sore.
'That may well be, said the young girl, 'for it has many a time happened to me to dream that I was falling down from a tower and never coming to the ground, and when I awoke from the dream to find myself as weak and shaken as if I had really fallen.
'There is the point, seora, replied Sancho Panza, 'that I without dreaming at all, but being more awake than I am now, find myself with scarcely less wheals than my master, Don Quixote. 'How is the gentleman called? asked Maritornes the Asturian. 'Don Quixote of La Mancha, answered Sancho Panza, 'and he is a knightadventurer, and one of the best and stoutest that have been seen in the world this long time past.
'What is a knightadventurer? said the lass. 'Are you so new in the world as not to know? answered Sancho Panza. 'Well, then, you must know, sister, that a knightadventurer is a thing that in two words is seen drubbed and emperor, that is today the most miserable and needy being in the world, and tomorrow will have two or three crowns of kingdoms to give his squire.
'It is too soon yet, answered Sancho, 'for we have only been a month going in quest of adventures, and so far we have met with nothing that can be called one, for it will happen that when one thing is looked for another thing is found however, if my master Don Quixote gets well of this wound, or fall, and I am left none the worse of it, I would not change my hopes for the best title in Spain.
To all this conversation Don Quixote was listening very attentively, and sitting up in bed as well as he could, and taking the hostess by the hand he said to her, 'Believe me, fair lady, you may call yourself fortunate in having in this castle of yours sheltered my person, which is such that if I do not myself praise it, it is because of what is commonly said, that selfpraise debaseth but my squire will inform you who I am.
I only tell you that I shall preserve for ever inscribed on my memory the service you have rendered me in order to tender you my gratitude while life shall last me and would to Heaven love held me not so enthralled and subject to its laws and to the eyes of that fair ingrate whom I name between my teeth, but that those of this lovely damsel might be the masters of my liberty.
And it is said of this good lass that she never made promises of the kind without fulfilling them, even though she made them in a forest and without any witness present, for she plumed herself greatly on being a lady and held it no disgrace to be in such an employment as servant in an inn, because, she said, misfortunes and illluck had brought her to that position.
A thousand blessings on the author of 'Tablante de Ricamonte and that of the other book in which the deeds of the Conde Tomillas are recounted with what minuteness they describe everything! To proceed, then after having paid a visit to his team and given them their second feed, the carrier stretched himself on his packsaddles and lay waiting for his conscientious Maritornes.
Sancho was by this time plastered and had lain down, and though he strove to sleep the pain of his ribs would not let him, while Don Quixote with the pain of his had his eyes as wide open as a hare's. The inn was all in silence, and in the whole of it there was no light except that given by a lantern that hung burning in the middle of the gateway.
While he was taken up with these vagaries, then, the time and the houran unlucky one for himarrived for the Asturian to come, who in her smock, with bare feet and her hair gathered into a fustian coif, with noiseless and cautious steps entered the chamber where the three were quartered, in quest of the carrier but scarcely had she gained the door when Don Quixote perceived her, and sitting up in his bed in spite of his plasters and the pain of his ribs, he stretched out his arms to receive his beauteous damsel.
The Asturian, who went all doubled up and in silence with her hands before her feeling for her lover, encountered the arms of Don Quixote, who grasped her tightly by the wrist, and drawing her towards him, while she dared not utter a word, made her sit down on the bed.
The bed which was somewhat crazy and not very firm on its feet, unable to support the additional weight of the carrier, came to the ground, and at the mighty crash of this the innkeeper awoke and at once concluded that it must be some brawl of Maritornes', because after calling loudly to her he got no answer.
With this suspicion he got up, and lighting a lamp hastened to the quarter where he had heard the disturbance. The wench, seeing that her master was coming and knowing that his temper was terrible, frightened and panicstricken made for the bed of Sancho Panza, who still slept, and crouching upon it made a ball of herself.
At this Sancho awoke, and feeling this mass almost on top of him fancied he had the nightmare and began to distribute fisticuffs all round, of which a certain share fell upon Maritornes, who, irritated by the pain and flinging modesty aside, paid back so many in return to Sancho that she woke him up in spite of himself.
The carrier, however, perceiving by the light of the innkeeper candle how it fared with his ladylove, quitting Don Quixote, ran to bring her the help she needed and the innkeeper did the same but with a different intention, for his was to chastise the lass, as he believed that beyond a doubt she alone was the cause of all the harmony.
And so, as the saying is, cat to rat, rat to rope, rope to stick, the carrier pounded Sancho, Sancho the lass, she him, and the innkeeper her, and all worked away so briskly that they did not give themselves a moment's rest and the best of it was that the innkeeper's lamp went out, and as they were left in the dark they all laid on one upon the other in a mass so unmercifully that there was not a sound spot left where a hand could light.
It so happened that there was lodging that night in the inn a caudrillero of what they call the Old Holy Brotherhood of Toledo, who, also hearing the extraordinary noise of the conflict, seized his staff and the tin case with his warrants, and made his way in the dark into the room crying 'Hold!
in the name of the Jurisdiction! Hold! in the name of the Holy Brotherhood! The first that he came upon was the pummelled Don Quixote, who lay stretched senseless on his back upon his brokendown bed, and, his hand falling on the beard as he felt about, he continued to cry, 'Help for the Jurisdiction!
but perceiving that he whom he had laid hold of did not move or stir, he concluded that he was dead and that those in the room were his murderers, and with this suspicion he raised his voice still higher, calling out, 'Shut the inn gate see that no one goes out they have killed a man here!
This cry startled them all, and each dropped the contest at the point at which the voice reached him. The innkeeper retreated to his room, the carrier to his packsaddles, the lass to her crib the unlucky Don Quixote and Sancho alone were unable to move from where they were.
The cuadrillero on this let go Don Quixote's beard, and went out to look for a light to search for and apprehend the culprits but not finding one, as the innkeeper had purposely extinguished the lantern on retreating to his room, he was compelled to have recourse to the hearth, where after much time and trouble he lit another lamp.
By this time Don Quixote had recovered from his swoon and in the same tone of voice in which he had called to his squire the day before when he lay stretched 'in the vale of the stakes, he began calling to him now, 'Sancho, my friend, art thou asleep?
sleepest thou, friend Sancho? 'How can I sleep, curses on it! returned Sancho discontentedly and bitterly, 'when it is plain that all the devils have been at me this night? 'Thou mayest well believe that, answered Don Quixote, 'because, either I know little, or this castle is enchanted, for thou must knowbut this that I am now about to tell thee thou must swear to keep secret until after my death.
'I swear it, answered Sancho. 'I say so, continued Don Quixote, 'because I hate taking away anyone's good name. 'I say, replied Sancho, 'that I swear to hold my tongue about it till the end of your worship's days, and God grant I may be able to let it out tomorrow.
'At any rate, said Don Quixote, 'I have more confidence in thy affection and good nature and so I would have thee know that this night there befell me one of the strangest adventures that I could describe, and to relate it to thee briefly thou must know that a little while ago the daughter of the lord of this castle came to me, and that she is the most elegant and beautiful damsel that could be found in the wide world.
'Not for me either, said Sancho, 'for more than four hundred Moors have so thrashed me that the drubbing of the stakes was cakes and fancybread to it. But tell me, seor, what do you call this excellent and rare adventure that has left us as we are left now?
Though your worship was not so badly off, having in your arms that incomparable beauty you spoke of but I, what did I have, except the heaviest whacks I think I had in all my life? Unlucky me and the mother that bore me! for I am not a knighterrant and never expect to be one, and of all the mishaps, the greater part falls to my share.
By this time the cuadrillero had succeeded in lighting the lamp, and came in to see the man that he thought had been killed and as Sancho caught sight of him at the door, seeing him coming in his shirt, with a cloth on his head, and a lamp in his hand, and a very forbidding countenance, he said to his master, 'Seor, can it be that this is the enchanted Moor coming back to give us more castigation if there be anything still left in the inkbottle?
'It cannot be the Moor, answered Don Quixote, 'for those under enchantment do not let themselves be seen by anyone. 'If they don't let themselves be seen, they let themselves be felt, said Sancho 'if not, let my shoulders speak to the point. 'Mine could speak too, said Don Quixote, 'but that is not a sufficient reason for believing that what we see is the enchanted Moor.
The officer came up, and finding them engaged in such a peaceful conversation, stood amazed though Don Quixote, to be sure, still lay on his back unable to move from pure pummelling and plasters. The officer turned to him and said, 'Well, how goes it, good man? 'I would speak more politely if I were you, replied Don Quixote 'is it the way of this country to address knightserrant in that style, you booby?
The cuadrillero finding himself so disrespectfully treated by such a sorrylooking individual, lost his temper, and raising the lamp full of oil, smote Don Quixote such a blow with it on the head that he gave him a badly broken pate then, all being in darkness, he went out, and Sancho Panza said, 'That is certainly the enchanted Moor, Seor, and he keeps the treasure for others, and for us only the cuffs and lampwhacks.
Sancho got up with pain enough in his bones, and went after the innkeeper in the dark, and meeting the officer, who was looking to see what had become of his enemy, he said to him, 'Seor, whoever you are, do us the favour and kindness to give us a little rosemary, oil, salt, and wine, for it is wanted to cure one of the best knightserrant on earth, who lies on yonder bed wounded by the hands of the enchanted Moor that is in this inn.
The host furnished him with what he required, and Sancho brought it to Don Quixote, who, with his hand to his head, was bewailing the pain of the blow of the lamp, which had done him no more harm than raising a couple of rather large lumps, and what he fancied blood was only the sweat that flowed from him in his sufferings during the late storm.
He then asked for some vial to pour it into, and as there was not one in the inn, he decided on putting it into a tin oilbottle or flask of which the host made him a free gift and over the flask he repeated more than eighty paternosters and as many more avemarias, salves, and credos, accompanying each word with a cross by way of benediction, at all which there were present Sancho, the innkeeper, and the cuadrillero for the carrier was now peacefully engaged in attending to the comfort of his mules.
They did so, and he lay sleeping more than three hours, at the end of which he awoke and felt very great bodily relief and so much ease from his bruises that he thought himself quite cured, and verily believed he had hit upon the balsam of Fierabras and that with this remedy he might thenceforward, without any fear, face any kind of destruction, battle, or combat, however perilous it might be.
Sancho Panza, who also regarded the amendment of his master as miraculous, begged him to give him what was left in the pigskin, which was no small quantity. Don Quixote consented, and he, taking it with both hands, in good faith and with a better will, gulped down and drained off very little less than his master.
But the fact is, that the stomach of poor Sancho was of necessity not so delicate as that of his master, and so, before vomiting, he was seized with such gripings and retchings, and such sweats and faintness, that verily and truly he believed his last hour had come, and finding himself so racked and tormented he cursed the balsam and the thief that had given it to him.
Don Quixote seeing him in this state said, 'It is my belief, Sancho, that this mischief comes of thy not being dubbed a knight, for I am persuaded this liquor cannot be good for those who are not so. 'If your worship knew that, returned Sancho'woe betide me and all my kindred!why did you let me taste it?
At this moment the draught took effect, and the poor squire began to discharge both ways at such a rate that the rush mat on which he had thrown himself and the canvas blanket he had covering him were fit for nothing afterwards. He sweated and perspired with such paroxysms and convulsions that not only he himself but all present thought his end had come.
All that were in the inn, who were more than twenty persons, stood watching him the innkeeper's daughter was likewise observing him, and he too never took his eyes off her, and from time to time fetched a sigh that he seemed to pluck up from the depths of his bowels but they all thought it must be from the pain he felt in his ribs at any rate they who had seen him plastered the night before thought so.
The innkeeper replied to him with equal calmness, 'Sir Knight, I do not want your worship to avenge me of any wrong, because when any is done me I can take what vengeance seems good to me the only thing I want is that you pay me the score that you have run up in the inn last night, as well for the straw and barley for your two beasts, as for supper and beds.
'I have little to do with that, replied the innkeeper 'pay me what you owe me, and let us have no more talk of chivalry, for all I care about is to get my money. 'You are a stupid, scurvy innkeeper, said Don Quixote, and putting spurs to Rocinante and bringing his pike to the slope he rode out of the inn before anyone could stop him, and pushed on some distance without looking to see if his squire was following him.
The innkeeper when he saw him go without paying him ran to get payment of Sancho, who said that as his master would not pay neither would he, because, being as he was squire to a knighterrant, the same rule and reason held good for him as for his master with regard to not paying anything in inns and hostelries.
To which Sancho made answer that by the law of chivalry his master had received he would not pay a rap, though it cost him his life for the excellent and ancient usage of knightserrant was not going to be violated by him, nor should the squires of such as were yet to come into the world ever complain of him or reproach him with breaking so just a privilege.
Wheeling about he came up to the inn with a laborious gallop, and finding it shut went round it to see if he could find some way of getting in but as soon as he came to the wall of the yard, which was not very high, he discovered the game that was being played with his squire.
They then brought him his ass, and mounting him on top of it they put his jacket round him and the compassionate Maritornes, seeing him so exhausted, thought fit to refresh him with a jug of water, and that it might be all the cooler she fetched it from the well.
Sancho took it, and as he was raising it to his mouth he was stopped by the cries of his master exclaiming, 'Sancho, my son, drink not water drink it not, my son, for it will kill thee see, here I have the blessed balsam (and he held up the flask of liquor), and with drinking two drops of it thou wilt certainly be restored.
At these words Sancho turned his eyes asquint, and in a still louder voice said, 'Can it be your worship has forgotten that I am not a knight, or do you want me to end by vomiting up what bowels I have left after last night? Keep your liquor in the name of all the devils, and leave me to myself!
and at one and the same instant he left off talking and began drinking but as at the first sup he perceived it was water he did not care to go on with it, and begged Maritornes to fetch him some wine, which she did with right good will, and paid for it with her own money for indeed they say of her that, though she was in that line of life, there was some faint and distant resemblance to a Christian about her.
When Sancho had done drinking he dug his heels into his ass, and the gate of the inn being thrown open he passed out very well pleased at having paid nothing and carried his point, though it had been at the expense of his usual sureties, his shoulders. It is true that the innkeeper detained his alforjas in payment of what was owing to him, but Sancho took his departure in such a flurry that he never missed them.
The innkeeper, as soon as he saw him off, wanted to bar the gate close, but the blanketers would not agree to it, for they were fellows who would not have cared two farthings for Don Quixote, even had he been really one of the knightserrant of the Round Table.
When Don Quixote saw the state he was in he said, 'I have now come to the conclusion, good Sancho, that this castle or inn is beyond a doubt enchanted, because those who have so atrociously diverted themselves with thee, what can they be but phantoms or beings of another world?
'How little thou knowest about chivalry, Sancho, replied Don Quixote 'hold thy peace and have patience the day will come when thou shalt see with thine own eyes what an honourable thing it is to wander in the pursuit of this calling nay, tell me, what greater pleasure can there be in the world, or what delight can equal that of winning a battle, and triumphing over one's enemy?
'Such is my luck, said Sancho, 'that even if that happened and your worship found some such sword, it would, like the balsam, turn out serviceable and good for dubbed knights only, and as for the squires, they might sup sorrow. 'Fear not that, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'Heaven will deal better by thee.
Thus talking, Don Quixote and his squire were going along, when, on the road they were following, Don Quixote perceived approaching them a large and thick cloud of dust, on seeing which he turned to Sancho and said 'This is the day, Sancho, on which will be seen the boon my fortune is reserving for me this, I say, is the day on which as much as on any other shall be displayed the might of my arm, and on which I shall do deeds that shall remain written in the book of fame for all ages to come.
Seest thou that cloud of dust which rises yonder? Well, then, all that is churned up by a vast army composed of various and countless nations that comes marching there. 'According to that there must be two, said Sancho, 'for on this opposite side also there rises just such another cloud of dust.
Don Quixote turned to look and found that it was true, and rejoicing exceedingly, he concluded that they were two armies about to engage and encounter in the midst of that broad plain for at all times and seasons his fancy was full of the battles, enchantments, adventures, crazy feats, loves, and defiances that are recorded in the books of chivalry, and everything he said, thought, or did had reference to such things.
Now the cloud of dust he had seen was raised by two great droves of sheep coming along the same road in opposite directions, which, because of the dust, did not become visible until they drew near, but Don Quixote asserted so positively that they were armies that Sancho was led to believe it and say, 'Well, and what are we to do, seor?
said Don Quixote 'give aid and assistance to the weak and those who need it and thou must know, Sancho, that this which comes opposite to us is conducted and led by the mighty emperor Alifanfaron, lord of the great isle of Trapobana this other that marches behind me is that of his enemy the king of the Garamantas, Pentapolin of the Bare Arm, for he always goes into battle with his right arm bare.
'They are at enmity, replied Don Quixote, 'because this Alifanfaron is a furious pagan and is in love with the daughter of Pentapolin, who is a very beautiful and moreover gracious lady, and a Christian, and her father is unwilling to bestow her upon the pagan king unless he first abandons the religion of his false prophet Mahomet, and adopts his own.
'By my beard, said Sancho, 'but Pentapolin does quite right, and I will help him as much as I can. 'In that thou wilt do what is thy duty, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'for to engage in battles of this sort it is not requisite to be a dubbed knight.
'That is true, said Don Quixote, 'and what you had best do with him is to leave him to take his chance whether he be lost or not, for the horses we shall have when we come out victors will be so many that even Rocinante will run a risk of being changed for another.
Sancho Panza hung upon his words without speaking, and from time to time turned to try if he could see the knights and giants his master was describing, and as he could not make out one of them he said to him 'Seor, devil take it if there's a sign of any man you talk of, knight or giant, in the whole thing maybe it's all enchantment, like the phantoms last night.
'How canst thou say that! answered Don Quixote 'dost thou not hear the neighing of the steeds, the braying of the trumpets, the roll of the drums? 'I hear nothing but a great bleating of ewes and sheep, said Sancho which was true, for by this time the two flocks had come close.
'The fear thou art in, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'prevents thee from seeing or hearing correctly, for one of the effects of fear is to derange the senses and make things appear different from what they are if thou art in such fear, withdraw to one side and leave me to myself, for alone I suffice to bring victory to that side to which I shall give my aid and so saying he gave Rocinante the spur, and putting the lance in rest, shot down the slope like a thunderbolt.
Sancho shouted after him, crying, 'Come back, Seor Don Quixote I vow to God they are sheep and ewes you are charging! Come back! Unlucky the father that begot me! what madness is this! Look, there is no giant, nor knight, nor cats, nor arms, nor shields quartered or whole, nor vair azure or bedevilled.
But not for all these entreaties did Don Quixote turn back on the contrary he went on shouting out, 'Ho, knights, ye who follow and fight under the banners of the valiant emperor Pentapolin of the Bare Arm, follow me all ye shall see how easily I shall give him his revenge over his enemy Alifanfaron of the Trapobana.
So saying, he dashed into the midst of the squadron of ewes, and began spearing them with as much spirit and intrepidity as if he were transfixing mortal enemies in earnest. The shepherds and drovers accompanying the flock shouted to him to desist seeing it was no use, they ungirt their slings and began to salute his ears with stones as big as one's fist.
Don Quixote gave no heed to the stones, but, letting drive right and left kept saying 'Where art thou, proud Alifanfaron? Come before me I am a single knight who would fain prove thy prowess hand to hand, and make thee yield thy life a penalty for the wrong thou dost to the valiant Pentapolin Garamanta.
Feeling himself so smitten, he imagined himself slain or badly wounded for certain, and recollecting his liquor he drew out his flask, and putting it to his mouth began to pour the contents into his stomach but ere he had succeeded in swallowing what seemed to him enough, there came another almond which struck him on the hand and on the flask so fairly that it smashed it to pieces, knocking three or four teeth and grinders out of his mouth in its course, and sorely crushing two fingers of his hand.
Such was the force of the first blow and of the second, that the poor knight in spite of himself came down backwards off his horse. The shepherds came up, and felt sure they had killed him so in all haste they collected their flock together, took up the dead beasts, of which there were more than seven, and made off without waiting to ascertain anything further.
Seeing him, then, brought to the ground, and that the shepherds had taken themselves off, he ran to him and found him in very bad case, though not unconscious and said he 'Did I not tell you to come back, Seor Don Quixote and that what you were going to attack were not armies but droves of sheep?
'That's how that thief of a sage, my enemy, can alter and falsify things, answered Don Quixote 'thou must know, Sancho, that it is a very easy matter for those of his sort to make us believe what they choose and this malignant being who persecutes me, envious of the glory he knew I was to win in this battle, has turned the squadrons of the enemy into droves of sheep.
At any rate, do this much, I beg of thee, Sancho, to undeceive thyself, and see that what I say is true mount thy ass and follow them quietly, and thou shalt see that when they have gone some little distance from this they will return to their original shape and, ceasing to be sheep, become men in all respects as I described them to thee at first.
Sancho came so close that he almost put his eyes into his mouth now just at that moment the balsam had acted on the stomach of Don Quixote, so, at the very instant when Sancho came to examine his mouth, he discharged all its contents with more force than a musket, and full into the beard of the compassionate squire.
Clearly this sinner is mortally wounded, as he vomits blood from the mouth but considering the matter a little more closely he perceived by the colour, taste, and smell, that it was not blood but the balsam from the flask which he had seen him drink and he was taken with such a loathing that his stomach turned, and he vomited up his inside over his very master, and both were left in a precious state.
Sancho ran to his ass to get something wherewith to clean himself, and relieve his master, out of his alforjas but not finding them, he wellnigh took leave of his senses, and cursed himself anew, and in his heart resolved to quit his master and return home, even though he forfeited the wages of his service and all hopes of the promised island.
Don Quixote now rose, and putting his left hand to his mouth to keep his teeth from falling out altogether, with the other he laid hold of the bridle of Rocinante, who had never stirred from his master's sideso loyal and wellbehaved was heand betook himself to where the squire stood leaning over his ass with his hand to his cheek, like one in deep dejection.
'How have I not? replied Sancho 'was he whom they blanketed yesterday perchance any other than my father's son? and the alforjas that are missing today with all my treasures, did they belong to any other but myself? 'What! are the alforjas missing, Sancho? said Don Quixote. 'Yes, they are missing, answered Sancho.
'In that case we have nothing to eat today, replied Don Quixote. 'It would be so, answered Sancho, 'if there were none of the herbs your worship says you know in these meadows, those with which knightserrant as unlucky as your worship are wont to supply suchlike shortcomings. 'For all that, answered Don Quixote, 'I would rather have just now a quarter of bread, or a loaf and a couple of pilchards' heads, than all the herbs described by Dioscorides, even with Doctor Laguna's notes.
Nevertheless, Sancho the Good, mount thy beast and come along with me, for God, who provides for all things, will not fail us (more especially when we are so active in his service as we are), since he fails not the midges of the air, nor the grubs of the earth, nor the tadpoles of the water, and is so merciful that he maketh his sun to rise on the good and on the evil, and sendeth rain on the unjust and on the just.
'Knightserrant knew and ought to know everything, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'for there were knightserrant in former times as well qualified to deliver a sermon or discourse in the middle of an encampment, as if they had graduated in the University of Paris whereby we may see that the lance has never blunted the pen, nor the pen the lance.
'Well, be it as your worship says, replied Sancho 'let us be off now and find some place of shelter for the night, and God grant it may be somewhere where there are no blankets, nor blanketeers, nor phantoms, nor enchanted Moors for if there are, may the devil take the whole concern.
'Ask that of God, my son, said Don Quixote and do thou lead on where thou wilt, for this time I leave our lodging to thy choice but reach me here thy hand, and feel with thy finger, and find out how many of my teeth and grinders are missing from this right side of the upper jaw, for it is there I feel the pain.
Sancho put in his fingers, and feeling about asked him, 'How many grinders used your worship have on this side? 'Four, replied Don Quixote, 'besides the backtooth, all whole and quite sound. 'Mind what you are saying, seor. 'I say four, if not five, answered Don Quixote, 'for never in my life have I had tooth or grinder drawn, nor has any fallen out or been destroyed by any decay or rheum.
said Don Quixote, hearing the sad news his squire gave him 'I had rather they despoiled me of an arm, so it were not the swordarm for I tell thee, Sancho, a mouth without teeth is like a mill without a millstone, and a tooth is much more to be prized than a diamond but we who profess the austere order of chivalry are liable to all this.
As they went along, then, at a slow pacefor the pain in Don Quixote's jaws kept him uneasy and illdisposed for speedSancho thought it well to amuse and divert him by talk of some kind, and among the things he said to him was that which will be told in the following chapter.
'It seems to me, seor, that all these mishaps that have befallen us of late have been without any doubt a punishment for the offence committed by your worship against the order of chivalry in not keeping the oath you made not to eat bread off a tablecloth or embrace the queen, and all the rest of it that your worship swore to observe until you had taken that helmet of Malandrino's, or whatever the Moor is called, for I do not very well remember.
'Thou art very right, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'but to tell the truth, it had escaped my memory and likewise thou mayest rely upon it that the affair of the blanket happened to thee because of thy fault in not reminding me of it in time but I will make amends, for there are ways of compounding for everything in the order of chivalry.
'Why! have I taken an oath of some sort, then? said Sancho. 'It makes no matter that thou hast not taken an oath, said Don Quixote 'suffice it that I see thou art not quite clear of complicity and whether or no, it will not be ill done to provide ourselves with a remedy.
While engaged in this and other talk, night overtook them on the road before they had reached or discovered any place of shelter and what made it still worse was that they were dying of hunger, for with the loss of the alforjas they had lost their entire larder and commissariat and to complete the misfortune they met with an adventure which without any invention had really the appearance of one.
It so happened that the night closed in somewhat darkly, but for all that they pushed on, Sancho feeling sure that as the road was the king's highway they might reasonably expect to find some inn within a league or two. Going along, then, in this way, the night dark, the squire hungry, the master sharpset, they saw coming towards them on the road they were travelling a great number of lights which looked exactly like stars in motion.
'Be they phantoms ever so much, said Don Quixote, 'I will not permit them to touch a thread of thy garments for if they played tricks with thee the time before, it was because I was unable to leap the walls of the yard but now we are on a wide plain, where I shall be able to wield my sword as I please.
'And if they enchant and cripple you as they did the last time, said Sancho, 'what difference will it make being on the open plain or not? 'For all that, replied Don Quixote, 'I entreat thee, Sancho, to keep a good heart, for experience will tell thee what mine is.
And as the encamisados came along they muttered to themselves in a low plaintive tone. This strange spectacle at such an hour and in such a solitary place was quite enough to strike terror into Sancho's heart, and even into his master's and (save in Don Quixote's case) did so, for all Sancho's resolution had now broken down.
'We are in haste, answered one of the encamisados, 'and the inn is far off, and we cannot stop to render you such an account as you demand and spurring his mule he moved on. Don Quixote was mightily provoked by this answer, and seizing the mule by the bridle he said, 'Halt, and be more mannerly, and render an account of what I have asked of you else, take my defiance to combat, all of you.
An attendant who was on foot, seeing the encamisado fall, began to abuse Don Quixote, who now moved to anger, without any more ado, laying his lance in rest charged one of the men in mourning and brought him badly wounded to the ground, and as he wheeled round upon the others the agility with which he attacked and routed them was a sight to see, for it seemed just as if wings had that instant grown upon Rocinante, so lightly and proudly did he bear himself.
The mourners, too, enveloped and swathed in their skirts and gowns, were unable to bestir themselves, and so with entire safety to himself Don Quixote belaboured them all and drove them off against their will, for they all thought it was no man but a devil from hell come to carry away the dead body they had in the litter.
'In that case, said Don Quixote, 'the Lord has relieved me of the task of avenging his death had any other slain him but, he who slew him having slain him, there is nothing for it but to be silent, and shrug one's shoulders I should do the same were he to slay myself and I would have your reverence know that I am a knight of La Mancha, Don Quixote by name, and it is my business and calling to roam the world righting wrongs and redressing injuries.
'I do not know how that about righting wrongs can be, said the bachelor, 'for from straight you have made me crooked, leaving me with a broken leg that will never see itself straight again all the days of its life and the injury you have redressed in my case has been to leave me injured in such a way that I shall remain injured for ever and the height of misadventure it was to fall in with you who go in search of adventures.
'Things do not all happen in the same way, answered Don Quixote 'it all came, Sir Bachelor Alonzo Lopez, of your going, as you did, by night, dressed in those surplices, with lighted torches, praying, covered with mourning, so that naturally you looked like something evil and of the other world and so I could not avoid doing my duty in attacking you, and I should have attacked you even had I known positively that you were the very devils of hell, for such I certainly believed and took you to be.
'As my fate has so willed it, said the bachelor, 'I entreat you, sir knighterrant, whose errand has been such an evil one for me, to help me to get from under this mule that holds one of my legs caught between the stirrup and the saddle. 'I would have talked on till tomorrow, said Don Quixote 'how long were you going to wait before telling me of your distress?
Sancho made a bag of his coat, and, getting together as much as he could, and as the bag would hold, he loaded his beast, and then hastened to obey his master's call, and helped him to remove the bachelor from under the mule then putting him on her back he gave him the torch, and Don Quixote bade him follow the track of his companions, and beg pardon of them on his part for the wrong which he could not help doing them.
And said Sancho, 'If by chance these gentlemen should want to know who was the hero that served them so, your worship may tell them that he is the famous Don Quixote of La Mancha, otherwise called the Knight of the Rueful Countenance. The bachelor then took his departure. I forgot to mention that before he did so he said to Don Quixote, 'Remember that you stand excommunicated for having laid violent hands on a holy thing, juxta illud, si quis, suadente diabolo.
'I will tell you, answered Sancho 'it was because I have been looking at you for some time by the light of the torch held by that unfortunate, and verily your worship has got of late the most illfavoured countenance I ever saw it must be either owing to the fatigue of this combat, or else to the want of teeth and grinders.
Don Quixote would have looked to see whether the body in the litter were bones or not, but Sancho would not have it, saying 'Seor, you have ended this perilous adventure more safely for yourself than any of those I have seen perhaps these people, though beaten and routed, may bethink themselves that it is a single man that has beaten them, and feeling sore and ashamed of it may take heart and come in search of us and give us trouble enough.
And driving his ass before him he begged his master to follow, who, feeling that Sancho was right, did so without replying and after proceeding some little distance between two hills they found themselves in a wide and retired valley, where they alighted, and Sancho unloaded his beast, and stretched upon the green grass, with hunger for sauce, they breakfasted, dined, lunched, and supped all at once, satisfying their appetites with more than one store of cold meat which the dead man's clerical gentlemen (who seldom put themselves on short allowance) had brought with them on their sumpter mule.
But another piece of illluck befell them, which Sancho held the worst of all, and that was that they had no wine to drink, nor even water to moisten their lips and as thirst tormented them, Sancho, observing that the meadow where they were was full of green and tender grass, said what will be told in the following chapter.
'It cannot be, seor, but that this grass is a proof that there must be hard by some spring or brook to give it moisture, so it would be well to move a little farther on, that we may find some place where we may quench this terrible thirst that plagues us, which beyond a doubt is more distressing than hunger.
The advice seemed good to Don Quixote, and, he leading Rocinante by the bridle and Sancho the ass by the halter, after he had packed away upon him the remains of the supper, they advanced the meadow feeling their way, for the darkness of the night made it impossible to see anything but they had not gone two hundred paces when a loud noise of water, as if falling from great rocks, struck their ears.
The sound cheered them greatly but halting to make out by listening from what quarter it came they heard unseasonably another noise which spoiled the satisfaction the sound of the water gave them, especially for Sancho, who was by nature timid and fainthearted. They heard, I say, strokes falling with a measured beat, and a certain rattling of iron and chains that, together with the furious din of the water, would have struck terror into any heart but Don Quixote's.
The night was, as has been said, dark, and they had happened to reach a spot in among some tall trees, whose leaves stirred by a gentle breeze made a low ominous sound so that, what with the solitude, the place, the darkness, the noise of the water, and the rustling of the leaves, everything inspired awe and dread more especially as they perceived that the strokes did not cease, nor the wind lull, nor morning approach to all which might be added their ignorance as to where they were.
Thou dost mark well, faithful and trusty squire, the gloom of this night, its strange silence, the dull confused murmur of those trees, the awful sound of that water in quest of which we came, that seems as though it were precipitating and dashing itself down from the lofty mountains of the Moon, and that incessant hammering that wounds and pains our ears which things all together and each of itself are enough to instil fear, dread, and dismay into the breast of Mars himself, much more into one not used to hazards and adventures of the kind.
'How canst thou see, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'where it makes that line, or where this mouth or this occiput is that thou talkest of, when the night is so dark that there is not a star to be seen in the whole heaven? 'That's true, said Sancho, 'but fear has sharp eyes, and sees things underground, much more above in heavens besides, there is good reason to show that it now wants but little of day.
Sancho perceiving it his master's final resolve, and how little his tears, counsels, and entreaties prevailed with him, determined to have recourse to his own ingenuity and compel him, if he could, to wait till daylight and so, while tightening the girths of the horse, he quietly and without being felt, with his ass' halter tied both Rocinante's legs, so that when Don Quixote strove to go he was unable as the horse could only move by jumps.
Seeing the success of his trick, Sancho Panza said 'See there, seor! Heaven, moved by my tears and prayers, has so ordered it that Rocinante cannot stir and if you will be obstinate, and spur and strike him, you will only provoke fortune, and kick, as they say, against the pricks.
Don Quixote at this grew desperate, but the more he drove his heels into the horse, the less he stirred him and not having any suspicion of the tying, he was fain to resign himself and wait till daybreak or until Rocinante could move, firmly persuaded that all this came of something other than Sancho's ingenuity.
'There is no need to weep, answered Sancho, 'for I will amuse your worship by telling stories from this till daylight, unless indeed you like to dismount and lie down to sleep a little on the green grass after the fashion of knightserrant, so as to be fresher when day comes and the moment arrives for attempting this extraordinary adventure you are looking forward to.
'What art thou talking about dismounting or sleeping for? said Don Quixote. 'Am I, thinkest thou, one of those knights that take their rest in the presence of danger? Sleep thou who art born to sleep, or do as thou wilt, for I will act as I think most consistent with my character.
'Be not angry, master mine, replied Sancho, 'I did not mean to say that and coming close to him he laid one hand on the pommel of the saddle and the other on the cantle so that he held his master's left thigh in his embrace, not daring to separate a finger's width from him so much afraid was he of the strokes which still resounded with a regular beat.
Don Quixote bade him tell some story to amuse him as he had proposed, to which Sancho replied that he would if his dread of what he heard would let him 'Still, said he, 'I will strive to tell a story which, if I can manage to relate it, and nobody interferes with the telling, is the best of stories, and let your worship give me your attention, for here I begin.
'Tales are always told in my country in the very way I am telling this, answered Sancho, 'and I cannot tell it in any other, nor is it right of your worship to ask me to make new customs. 'Tell it as thou wilt, replied Don Quixote 'and as fate will have it that I cannot help listening to thee, go on.
'And so, lord of my soul, continued Sancho, as I have said, this shepherd was in love with Torralva the shepherdess, who was a wild buxom lass with something of the look of a man about her, for she had little moustaches I fancy I see her now. 'Then you knew her?
And so in course of time, the devil, who never sleeps and puts everything in confusion, contrived that the love the shepherd bore the shepherdess turned into hatred and illwill, and the reason, according to evil tongues, was some little jealousy she caused him that crossed the line and trespassed on forbidden ground and so much did the shepherd hate her from that time forward that, in order to escape from her, he determined to quit the country and go where he should never set eyes on her again.
Torralva, when she found herself spurned by Lope, was immediately smitten with love for him, though she had never loved him before. 'That is the natural way of women, said Don Quixote, 'to scorn the one that loves them, and love the one that hates them go on, Sancho. 'It came to pass, said Sancho, 'that the shepherd carried out his intention, and driving his goats before him took his way across the plains of Estremadura to pass over into the Kingdom of Portugal.
The fisherman got into the boat and carried one goat over he came back and carried another over he came back again, and again brought over anotherlet your worship keep count of the goats the fisherman is taking across, for if one escapes the memory there will be an end of the story, and it will be impossible to tell another word of it.
To proceed, I must tell you the landing place on the other side was miry and slippery, and the fisherman lost a great deal of time in going and coming still he returned for another goat, and another, and another. 'Take it for granted he brought them all across, said Don Quixote, 'and don't keep going and coming in this way, or thou wilt not make an end of bringing them over this twelvemonth.
'How many have gone across so far? said Sancho. 'How the devil do I know? replied Don Quixote. 'There it is, said Sancho, 'what I told you, that you must keep a good count well then, by God, there is an end of the story, for there is no going any farther.
'No, seor, not a bit, replied Sancho 'for when I asked your worship to tell me how many goats had crossed, and you answered you did not know, at that very instant all I had to say passed away out of my memory, and, faith, there was much virtue in it, and entertainment.
'In truth, said Don Quixote, 'thou hast told one of the rarest stories, tales, or histories, that anyone in the world could have imagined, and such a way of telling it and ending it was never seen nor will be in a lifetime though I expected nothing else from thy excellent understanding.
But I do not wonder, for perhaps those ceaseless strokes may have confused thy wits. 'All that may be, replied Sancho, 'but I know that as to my story, all that can be said is that it ends there where the mistake in the count of the passage of the goats begins.
But, this accomplished, which he fancied was all he had to do to get out of this terrible strait and embarrassment, another still greater difficulty presented itself, for it seemed to him impossible to relieve himself without making some noise, and he ground his teeth and squeezed his shoulders together, holding his breath as much as he could but in spite of his precautions he was unlucky enough after all to make a little noise, very different from that which was causing him so much fear.
Don Quixote, hearing it, said, 'What noise is that, Sancho? 'I don't know, seor, said he 'it must be something new, for adventures and misadventures never begin with a trifle. Once more he tried his luck, and succeeded so well, that without any further noise or disturbance he found himself relieved of the burden that had given him so much discomfort.
But as Don Quixote's sense of smell was as acute as his hearing, and as Sancho was so closely linked with him that the fumes rose almost in a straight line, it could not be but that some should reach his nose, and as soon as they did he came to its relief by compressing it between his fingers, saying in a rather snuffing tone, 'Sancho, it strikes me thou art in great fear.
'I am, answered Sancho 'but how does your worship perceive it now more than ever? 'Because just now thou smellest stronger than ever, and not of ambergris, answered Don Quixote. 'Very likely, said Sancho, 'but that's not my fault, but your worship's, for leading me about at unseasonable hours and at such unwonted paces.
'Then go back three or four, my friend, said Don Quixote, all the time with his fingers to his nose 'and for the future pay more attention to thy person and to what thou owest to mine for it is my great familiarity with thee that has bred this contempt.
'I'll bet, replied Sancho, 'that your worship thinks I have done something I ought not with my person. 'It makes it worse to stir it, friend Sancho, returned Don Quixote. With this and other talk of the same sort master and man passed the night, till Sancho, perceiving that daybreak was coming on apace, very cautiously untied Rocinante and tied up his breeches.
As soon as Rocinante found himself free, though by nature he was not at all mettlesome, he seemed to feel lively and began pawingfor as to capering, begging his pardon, he knew not what it meant. Don Quixote, then, observing that Rocinante could move, took it as a good sign and a signal that he should attempt the dread adventure.
He again repeated the message and commission with which he was to go on his behalf to his lady Dulcinea, and said he was not to be uneasy as to the payment of his services, for before leaving home he had made his will, in which he would find himself fully recompensed in the matter of wages in due proportion to the time he had served but if God delivered him safe, sound, and unhurt out of that danger, he might look upon the promised island as much more than certain.
From these tears and this honourable resolve of Sancho Panza's the author of this history infers that he must have been of good birth and at least an old Christian and the feeling he displayed touched his but not so much as to make him show any weakness on the contrary, hiding what he felt as well as he could, he began to move towards that quarter whence the sound of the water and of the strokes seemed to come.
Sancho followed him on foot, leading by the halter, as his custom was, his ass, his constant comrade in prosperity or adversity and advancing some distance through the shady chestnut trees they came upon a little meadow at the foot of some high rocks, down which a mighty rush of water flung itself.
Rocinante took fright at the noise of the water and of the blows, but quieting him Don Quixote advanced step by step towards the houses, commending himself with all his heart to his lady, imploring her support in that dread pass and enterprise, and on the way commending himself to God, too, not to forget him.
They went it might be a hundred paces farther, when on turning a corner the true cause, beyond the possibility of any mistake, of that dreadsounding and to them aweinspiring noise that had kept them all the night in such fear and perplexity, appeared plain and obvious and it was (if, reader, thou art not disgusted and disappointed) six fulling hammers which by their alternate strokes made all the din.
Sancho glanced at him and saw him with his head bent down upon his breast in manifest mortification and Don Quixote glanced at Sancho and saw him with his cheeks puffed out and his mouth full of laughter, and evidently ready to explode with it, and in spite of his vexation he could not help laughing at the sight of him and when Sancho saw his master begin he let go so heartily that he had to hold his sides with both hands to keep himself from bursting with laughter.
Four times he stopped, and as many times did his laughter break out afresh with the same violence as at first, whereat Don Quixote grew furious, above all when he heard him say mockingly, 'Thou must know, friend Sancho, that of Heaven's will I was born in this our iron age to revive in it the golden or age of gold I am he for whom are reserved perils, mighty achievements, valiant deeds and here he went on repeating the words that Don Quixote uttered the first time they heard the awful strokes.
Don Quixote, then, seeing that Sancho was turning him into ridicule, was so mortified and vexed that he lifted up his pike and smote him two such blows that if, instead of catching them on his shoulders, he had caught them on his head there would have been no wages to pay, unless indeed to his heirs.
Sancho seeing that he was getting an awkward return in earnest for his jest, and fearing his master might carry it still further, said to him very humbly, 'Calm yourself, sir, for by God I am only joking. 'Well, then, if you are joking I am not, replied Don Quixote.
Am I, perchance, being, as I am, a gentleman, bound to know and distinguish sounds and tell whether they come from fulling mills or not and that, when perhaps, as is the case, I have never in my life seen any as you have, low boor as you are, that have been born and bred among them?
But turn me these six hammers into six giants, and bring them to beard me, one by one or all together, and if I do not knock them head over heels, then make what mockery you like of me. 'No more of that, seor, returned Sancho 'I own I went a little too far with the joke.
But tell me, your worship, now that peace is made between us (and may God bring you out of all the adventures that may befall you as safe and sound as he has brought you out of this one), was it not a thing to laugh at, and is it not a good story, the great fear we were in?at least that I was in for as to your worship I see now that you neither know nor understand what either fear or dismay is.
'I do not deny, said Don Quixote, 'that what happened to us may be worth laughing at, but it is not worth making a story about, for it is not everyone that is shrewd enough to hit the right point of a thing. 'At any rate, said Sancho, 'your worship knew how to hit the right point with your pike, aiming at my head and hitting me on the shoulders, thanks be to God and my own smartness in dodging it.
But let that pass all will come out in the scouring for I have heard say 'he loves thee well that makes thee weep' and moreover that it is the way with great lords after any hard words they give a servant to give him a pair of breeches though I do not know what they give after blows, unless it be that knightserrant after blows give islands, or kingdoms on the mainland.
There was Gandalin, the squire of Amadis of Gaul, that was Count of the Insula Firme, and we read of him that he always addressed his lord with his cap in his hand, his head bowed down and his body bent double, more turquesco. And then, what shall we say of Gasabal, the squire of Galaor, who was so silent that in order to indicate to us the greatness of his marvellous taciturnity his name is only once mentioned in the whole of that history, as long as it is truthful?
From all I have said thou wilt gather, Sancho, that there must be a difference between master and man, between lord and lackey, between knight and squire so that from this day forward in our intercourse we must observe more respect and take less liberties, for in whatever way I may be provoked with you it will be bad for the pitcher.
'All that your worship says is very well, said Sancho, 'but I should like to know (in case the time of favours should not come, and it might be necessary to fall back upon wages) how much did the squire of a knighterrant get in those days, and did they agree by the month, or by the day like bricklayers?
'I do not believe, replied Don Quixote, 'that such squires were ever on wages, but were dependent on favour and if I have now mentioned thine in the sealed will I have left at home, it was with a view to what may happen for as yet I know not how chivalry will turn out in these wretched times of ours, and I do not wish my soul to suffer for trifles in the other world for I would have thee know, Sancho, that in this there is no condition more hazardous than that of adventurers.
'That is true, said Sancho, 'since the mere noise of the hammers of a fulling mill can disturb and disquiet the heart of such a valiant errant adventurer as your worship but you may be sure I will not open my lips henceforward to make light of anything of your worship's, but only to honour you as my master and natural lord.
It now began to rain a little, and Sancho was for going into the fulling mills, but Don Quixote had taken such an abhorrence to them on account of the late joke that he would not enter them on any account so turning aside to right they came upon another road, different from that which they had taken the night before.
I say this because, if I mistake not, there comes towards us one who wears on his head the helmet of Mambrino, concerning which I took the oath thou rememberest. 'Mind what you say, your worship, and still more what you do, said Sancho, 'for I don't want any more fulling mills to finish off fulling and knocking our senses out.
'The devil take thee, man, said Don Quixote 'what has a helmet to do with fulling mills? 'I don't know, replied Sancho, 'but, faith, if I might speak as I used, perhaps I could give such reasons that your worship would see you were mistaken in what you say. 'How can I be mistaken in what I say, unbelieving traitor?
returned Don Quixote 'tell me, seest thou not yonder knight coming towards us on a dappled grey steed, who has upon his head a helmet of gold? 'What I see and make out, answered Sancho, 'is only a man on a grey ass like my own, who has something that shines on his head.
'Well, that is the helmet of Mambrino, said Don Quixote 'stand to one side and leave me alone with him thou shalt see how, without saying a word, to save time, I shall bring this adventure to an issue and possess myself of the helmet I have so longed for.
'I will take care to stand aside, said Sancho 'but God grant, I say once more, that it may be marjoram and not fulling mills. 'I have told thee, brother, on no account to mention those fulling mills to me again, said Don Quixote, 'or I vowand I say no moreI'll full the soul out of you.
The barber, who without any expectation or apprehension of it saw this apparition coming down upon him, had no other way of saving himself from the stroke of the lance but to let himself fall off his ass and no sooner had he touched the ground than he sprang up more nimbly than a deer and sped away across the plain faster than the wind.
He left the basin on the ground, with which Don Quixote contented himself, saying that the pagan had shown his discretion and imitated the beaver, which finding itself pressed by the hunters bites and cuts off with its teeth that for which, by its natural instinct, it knows it is pursued.
He told Sancho to pick up the helmet, and he taking it in his hands said 'By God the basin is a good one, and worth a real of eight if it is worth a maravedis, and handed it to his master, who immediately put it on his head, turning it round, now this way, now that, in search of fitment, and not finding it he said, 'Clearly the pagan to whose measure this famous headpiece was first forged must have had a very large head but the worst of it is half of it is wanting.
When Sancho heard him call the basin a headpiece he was unable to restrain his laughter, but remembering his master's wrath he checked himself in the midst of it. 'What art thou laughing at, Sancho? said Don Quixote. 'I am laughing, said he, 'to think of the great head the pagan must have had who owned this helmet, for it looks exactly like a regular barber's basin.
'That is, said Sancho, 'if it is not shot with a sling as they were in the battle of the two armies, when they signed the cross on your worship's grinders and smashed the flask with that blessed draught that made me vomit my bowels up. 'It does not grieve me much to have lost it, said Don Quixote, 'for thou knowest, Sancho, that I have the receipt in my memory.
'Thou art a bad Christian, Sancho, said Don Quixote on hearing this, 'for once an injury has been done thee thou never forgettest it but know that it is the part of noble and generous hearts not to attach importance to trifles. What lame leg hast thou got by it, what broken rib, what cracked head, that thou canst not forget that jest?
But putting that aside, will your worship tell me what are we to do with this dapplegrey steed that looks like a grey ass, which that Martino that your worship overthrew has left deserted here? for, from the way he took to his heels and bolted, he is not likely ever to come back for it and by my beard but the grey is a good one.
'I have never been in the habit, said Don Quixote, 'of taking spoil of those whom I vanquish, nor is it the practice of chivalry to take away their horses and leave them to go on foot, unless indeed it be that the victor have lost his own in the combat, in which case it is lawful to take that of the vanquished as a thing won in lawful war therefore, Sancho, leave this horse, or ass, or whatever thou wilt have it to be for when its owner sees us gone hence he will come back for it.
'God knows I should like to take it, returned Sancho, 'or at least to change it for my own, which does not seem to me as good a one verily the laws of chivalry are strict, since they cannot be stretched to let one ass be changed for another I should like to know if I might at least change trappings.
'On that head I am not quite certain, answered Don Quixote, 'and the matter being doubtful, pending better information, I say thou mayest change them, if so be thou hast urgent need of them. 'So urgent is it, answered Sancho, 'that if they were for my own person I could not want them more and forthwith, fortified by this licence, he effected the mutatio capparum, and rigged out his beast to the ninetynines and making quite another thing of it.
As they went along, then, in this way Sancho said to his master, 'Seor, would your worship give me leave to speak a little to you? For since you laid that hard injunction of silence on me several things have gone to rot in my stomach, and I have now just one on the tip of my tongue that I don't want to be spoiled.
Forth all ye, the knights of my court, to receive the flower of chivalry who cometh hither!' At which command all will issue forth, and he himself, advancing halfway down the stairs, will embrace him closely, and salute him, kissing him on the cheek, and will then lead him to the queen's chamber, where the knight will find her with the princess her daughter, who will be one of the most beautiful and accomplished damsels that could with the utmost pains be discovered anywhere in the known world.
Straightway it will come to pass that she will fix her eyes upon the knight and he his upon her, and each will seem to the other something more divine than human, and, without knowing how or why they will be taken and entangled in the inextricable toils of love, and sorely distressed in their hearts not to see any way of making their pains and sufferings known by speech.
Thence they will lead him, no doubt, to some richly adorned chamber of the palace, where, having removed his armour, they will bring him a rich mantle of scarlet wherewith to robe himself, and if he looked noble in his armour he will look still more so in a doublet.
When night comes he will sup with the king, queen, and princess and all the time he will never take his eyes off her, stealing stealthy glances, unnoticed by those present, and she will do the same, and with equal cautiousness, being, as I have said, a damsel of great discretion.
The tables being removed, suddenly through the door of the hall there will enter a hideous and diminutive dwarf followed by a fair dame, between two giants, who comes with a certain adventure, the work of an ancient sage and he who shall achieve it shall be deemed the best knight in the world.
'The king will then command all those present to essay it, and none will bring it to an end and conclusion save the stranger knight, to the great enhancement of his fame, whereat the princess will be overjoyed and will esteem herself happy and fortunate in having fixed and placed her thoughts so high.
And the best of it is that this king, or prince, or whatever he is, is engaged in a very bitter war with another as powerful as himself, and the stranger knight, after having been some days at his court, requests leave from him to go and serve him in the said war.
The king will grant it very readily, and the knight will courteously kiss his hands for the favour done to him and that night he will take leave of his lady the princess at the grating of the chamber where she sleeps, which looks upon a garden, and at which he has already many times conversed with her, the gobetween and confidante in the matter being a damsel much trusted by the princess.
He will sigh, she will swoon, the damsel will fetch water, much distressed because morning approaches, and for the honour of her lady he would not that they were discovered at last the princess will come to herself and will present her white hands through the grating to the knight, who will kiss them a thousand and a thousand times, bathing them with his tears.
It will be arranged between them how they are to inform each other of their good or evil fortunes, and the princess will entreat him to make his absence as short as possible, which he will promise to do with many oaths once more he kisses her hands, and takes his leave in such grief that he is wellnigh ready to die.
He betakes him thence to his chamber, flings himself on his bed, cannot sleep for sorrow at parting, rises early in the morning, goes to take leave of the king, queen, and princess, and, as he takes his leave of the pair, it is told him that the princess is indisposed and cannot receive a visit the knight thinks it is from grief at his departure, his heart is pierced, and he is hardly able to keep from showing his pain.
The confidante is present, observes all, goes to tell her mistress, who listens with tears and says that one of her greatest distresses is not knowing who this knight is, and whether he is of kingly lineage or not the damsel assures her that so much courtesy, gentleness, and gallantry of bearing as her knight possesses could not exist in any save one who was royal and illustrious her anxiety is thus relieved, and she strives to be of good cheer lest she should excite suspicion in her parents, and at the end of two days she appears in public.
The father dies, the princess inherits, and in two words the knight becomes king. And here comes in at once the bestowal of rewards upon his squire and all who have aided him in rising to so exalted a rank. He marries his squire to a damsel of the princess's, who will be, no doubt, the one who was confidante in their amour, and is daughter of a very great duke.
'Thou needst not doubt it, Sancho, replied Don Quixote, 'for in the same manner, and by the same steps as I have described here, knightserrant rise and have risen to be kings and emperors all we want now is to find out what king, Christian or pagan, is at war and has a beautiful daughter but there will be time enough to think of that, for, as I have told thee, fame must be won in other quarters before repairing to the court.
And I may be of such that after investigation my origin may prove great and famous, with which the king, my fatherinlaw that is to be, ought to be satisfied and should he not be, the princess will so love me that even though she well knew me to be the son of a watercarrier, she will take me for her lord and husband in spite of her father if not, then it comes to seizing her and carrying her off where I please for time or death will put an end to the wrath of her parents.
'It comes to this, too, said Sancho, 'what some naughty people say, 'Never ask as a favour what thou canst take by force' though it would fit better to say, 'A clear escape is better than good men's prayers.' I say so because if my lord the king, your worship's fatherinlaw, will not condescend to give you my lady the princess, there is nothing for it but, as your worship says, to seize her and transport her.
But the mischief is that until peace is made and you come into the peaceful enjoyment of your kingdom, the poor squire is famishing as far as rewards go, unless it be that the confidante damsel that is to be his wife comes with the princess, and that with her he tides over his bad luck until Heaven otherwise orders things for his master, I suppose, may as well give her to him at once for a lawful wife.
'Nobody can object to that, said Don Quixote. 'Then since that may be, said Sancho, 'there is nothing for it but to commend ourselves to God, and let fortune take what course it will. 'God guide it according to my wishes and thy wants, said Don Quixote, 'and mean be he who thinks himself mean.
'And more than enough for thee, said Don Quixote 'and even wert thou not, it would make no difference, because I being the king can easily give thee nobility without purchase or service rendered by thee, for when I make thee a count, then thou art at once a gentleman and they may say what they will, but by my faith they will have to call thee 'your lordship,' whether they like it or not.
'Not a doubt of it and I'll know how to support the tittle, said Sancho. 'Title thou shouldst say, not tittle, said his master. 'So be it, answered Sancho. 'I say I will know how to behave, for once in my life I was beadle of a brotherhood, and the beadle's gown sat so well on me that all said I looked as if I was to be steward of the same brotherhood.
What will it be, then, when I put a duke's robe on my back, or dress myself in gold and pearls like a count? I believe they'll come a hundred leagues to see me. 'Thou wilt look well, said Don Quixote, 'but thou must shave thy beard often, for thou hast it so thick and rough and unkempt, that if thou dost not shave it every second day at least, they will see what thou art at the distance of a musket shot.
'What more will it be, said Sancho, 'than having a barber, and keeping him at wages in the house? and even if it be necessary, I will make him go behind me like a nobleman's equerry. 'Why, how dost thou know that noblemen have equerries behind them? asked Don Quixote.
'I will tell you, answered Sancho. 'Years ago I was for a month at the capital and there I saw taking the air a very small gentleman who they said was a very great man, and a man following him on horseback in every turn he took, just as if he was his tail.
I asked why this man did not join the other man, instead of always going behind him they answered me that he was his equerry, and that it was the custom with nobles to have such persons behind them, and ever since then I know it, for I have never forgotten it.
'Thou art right, said Don Quixote, 'and in the same way thou mayest carry thy barber with thee, for customs did not come into use all together, nor were they all invented at once, and thou mayest be the first count to have a barber to follow him and, indeed, shaving one's beard is a greater trust than saddling one's horse.
Cid Hamete Benengeli, the Arab and Manchegan author, relates in this most grave, highsounding, minute, delightful, and original history that after the discussion between the famous Don Quixote of La Mancha and his squire Sancho Panza which is set down at the end of chapter twentyone, Don Quixote raised his eyes and saw coming along the road he was following some dozen men on foot strung together by the neck, like beads, on a great iron chain, and all with manacles on their hands.
With them there came also two men on horseback and two on foot those on horseback with wheellock muskets, those on foot with javelins and swords, and as soon as Sancho saw them he said 'That is a chain of galley slaves, on the way to the galleys by force of the king's orders.
'How by force? asked Don Quixote 'is it possible that the king uses force against anyone? 'I do not say that, answered Sancho, 'but that these are people condemned for their crimes to serve by force in the king's galleys. 'In fact, replied Don Quixote, 'however it may be, these people are going where they are taking them by force, and not of their own will.
'Just so, said Sancho. 'Then if so, said Don Quixote, 'here is a case for the exercise of my office, to put down force and to succour and help the wretched. 'Recollect, your worship, said Sancho, 'Justice, which is the king himself, is not using force or doing wrong to such persons, but punishing them for their crimes.
The chain of galley slaves had by this time come up, and Don Quixote in very courteous language asked those who were in custody of it to be good enough to tell him the reason or reasons for which they were conducting these people in this manner. One of the guards on horseback answered that they were galley slaves belonging to his majesty, that they were going to the galleys, and that was all that was to be said and all he had any business to know.
'Nevertheless, replied Don Quixote, 'I should like to know from each of them separately the reason of his misfortune to this he added more to the same effect to induce them to tell him what he wanted so civilly that the other mounted guard said to him 'Though we have here the register and certificate of the sentence of every one of these wretches, this is no time to take them out or read them come and ask themselves they can tell if they choose, and they will, for these fellows take a pleasure in doing and talking about rascalities.
With this permission, which Don Quixote would have taken even had they not granted it, he approached the chain and asked the first for what offences he was now in such a sorry case. He made answer that it was for being a lover. 'For that only? replied Don Quixote 'why, if for being lovers they send people to the galleys I might have been rowing in them long ago.
'What are gurapas? asked Don Quixote. 'Gurapas are galleys, answered the galley slave, who was a young man of about fourandtwenty, and said he was a native of Piedrahita. Don Quixote asked the same question of the second, who made no reply, so downcast and melancholy was he but the first answered for him, and said, 'He, sir, goes as a canary, I mean as a musician and a singer.
'What! said Don Quixote, 'for being musicians and singers are people sent to the galleys too? 'Yes, sir, answered the galley slave, 'for there is nothing worse than singing under suffering. 'On the contrary, I have heard say, said Don Quixote, 'that he who sings scares away his woes. 'Here it is the reverse, said the galley slave 'for he who sings once weeps all his life.
'And I think so too, answered Don Quixote then passing on to the third he asked him what he had asked the others, and the man answered very readily and unconcernedly, 'I am going for five years to their ladyships the gurapas for the want of ten ducats. 'I will give twenty with pleasure to get you out of that trouble, said Don Quixote.
'That, said the galley slave, 'is like a man having money at sea when he is dying of hunger and has no way of buying what he wants I say so because if at the right time I had had those twenty ducats that your worship now offers me, I would have greased the notary's pen and freshened up the attorney's wit with them, so that today I should be in the middle of the plaza of the Zocodover at Toledo, and not on this road coupled like a greyhound.
Don Quixote passed on to the fourth, a man of venerable aspect with a white beard falling below his breast, who on hearing himself asked the reason of his being there began to weep without answering a word, but the fifth acted as his tongue and said, 'This worthy man is going to the galleys for four years, after having gone the rounds in ceremony and on horseback.
'That means, said Sancho Panza, 'as I take it, to have been exposed to shame in public. 'Just so, replied the galley slave, 'and the offence for which they gave him that punishment was having been an earbroker, nay bodybroker I mean, in short, that this gentleman goes as a pimp, and for having besides a certain touch of the sorcerer about him.
If you, sir, have anything wherewith to help the poor, God will repay it to you in heaven, and we on earth will take care in our petitions to him to pray for the life and health of your worship, that they may be as long and as good as your amiable appearance deserves.
This one was in the dress of a student, and one of the guards said he was a great talker and a very elegant Latin scholar. Behind all these there came a man of thirty, a very personable fellow, except that when he looked, his eyes turned in a little one towards the other.
He was bound differently from the rest, for he had to his leg a chain so long that it was wound all round his body, and two rings on his neck, one attached to the chain, the other to what they call a 'keepfriend or 'friend's foot, from which hung two irons reaching to his waist with two manacles fixed to them in which his hands were secured by a big padlock, so that he could neither raise his hands to his mouth nor lower his head to his hands.
The guard replied that it was because he alone had committed more crimes than all the rest put together, and was so daring and such a villain, that though they marched him in that fashion they did not feel sure of him, but were in dread of his making his escape.
'What crimes can he have committed, said Don Quixote, 'if they have not deserved a heavier punishment than being sent to the galleys? 'He goes for ten years, replied the guard, 'which is the same thing as civil death, and all that need be said is that this good fellow is the famous Gines de Pasamonte, otherwise called Ginesillo de Parapilla.
'Gently, seor commissary, said the galley slave at this, 'let us have no fixing of names or surnames my name is Gines, not Ginesillo, and my family name is Pasamonte, not Parapilla as you say let each one mind his own business, and he will be doing enough. 'Speak with less impertinence, master thief of extra measure, replied the commissary, 'if you don't want me to make you hold your tongue in spite of your teeth.
'It is easy to see, returned the galley slave, 'that man goes as God pleases, but someone shall know some day whether I am called Ginesillo de Parapilla or not. 'Don't they call you so, you liar? said the guard. 'They do, returned Gines, 'but I will make them give over calling me so, or I will be shaved, where, I only say behind my teeth.
If you, sir, have anything to give us, give it to us at once, and God speed you, for you are becoming tiresome with all this inquisitiveness about the lives of others if you want to know about mine, let me tell you I am Gines de Pasamonte, whose life is written by these fingers.
'He says true, said the commissary, 'for he has himself written his story as grand as you please, and has left the book in the prison in pawn for two hundred reals. 'And I mean to take it out of pawn, said Gines, 'though it were in for two hundred ducats.
'So good is it, replied Gines, 'that a fig for 'Lazarillo de Tormes,' and all of that kind that have been written, or shall be written compared with it all I will say about it is that it deals with facts, and facts so neat and diverting that no lies could match them.
'And how is the book entitled? asked Don Quixote. 'The 'Life of Gines de Pasamonte,' replied the subject of it. 'And is it finished? asked Don Quixote. 'How can it be finished, said the other, 'when my life is not yet finished? All that is written is from my birth down to the point when they sent me to the galleys this last time.
'In the service of God and the king I have been there for four years before now, and I know by this time what the biscuit and courbash are like, replied Gines 'and it is no great grievance to me to go back to them, for there I shall have time to finish my book I have still many things left to say, and in the galleys of Spain there is more than enough leisure though I do not want much for what I have to write, for I have it by heart.
'I told you already to go gently, master commissary, said Pasamonte 'their lordships yonder never gave you that staff to illtreat us wretches here, but to conduct and take us where his majesty orders you if not, by the life ofnever mind it may be that some day the stains made in the inn will come out in the scouring let everyone hold his tongue and behave well and speak better and now let us march on, for we have had quite enough of this entertainment.
All which presents itself now to my mind, urging, persuading, and even compelling me to demonstrate in your case the purpose for which Heaven sent me into the world and caused me to make profession of the order of chivalry to which I belong, and the vow I took therein to give aid to those in need and under the oppression of the strong.
But as I know that it is a mark of prudence not to do by foul means what may be done by fair, I will ask these gentlemen, the guards and commissary, to be so good as to release you and let you go in peace, as there will be no lack of others to serve the king under more favourable circumstances for it seems to me a hard case to make slaves of those whom God and nature have made free.
Moreover, sirs of the guard, added Don Quixote, 'these poor fellows have done nothing to you let each answer for his own sins yonder there is a God in Heaven who will not forget to punish the wicked or reward the good and it is not fitting that honest men should be the instruments of punishment to others, they being therein no way concerned.
This request I make thus gently and quietly, that, if you comply with it, I may have reason for thanking you and, if you will not voluntarily, this lance and sword together with the might of my arm shall compel you to comply with it by force. 'Nice nonsense! said the commissary 'a fine piece of pleasantry he has come out with at last!
He wants us to let the king's prisoners go, as if we had any authority to release them, or he to order us to do so! Go your way, sir, and good luck to you put that basin straight that you've got on your head, and don't go looking for three feet on a cat.
''Tis you that are the cat, rat, and rascal, replied Don Quixote, and acting on the word he fell upon him so suddenly that without giving him time to defend himself he brought him to the ground sorely wounded with a lancethrust and lucky it was for him that it was the one that had the musket.
The other guards stood thunderstruck and amazed at this unexpected event, but recovering presence of mind, those on horseback seized their swords, and those on foot their javelins, and attacked Don Quixote, who was waiting for them with great calmness and no doubt it would have gone badly with him if the galley slaves, seeing the chance before them of liberating themselves, had not effected it by contriving to break the chain on which they were strung.
Sancho, on his part, gave a helping hand to release Gines de Pasamonte, who was the first to leap forth upon the plain free and unfettered, and who, attacking the prostrate commissary, took from him his sword and the musket, with which, aiming at one and levelling at another, he, without ever discharging it, drove every one of the guards off the field, for they took to flight, as well to escape Pasamonte's musket, as the showers of stones the now released galley slaves were raining upon them.
Sancho was greatly grieved at the affair, because he anticipated that those who had fled would report the matter to the Holy Brotherhood, who at the summons of the alarmbell would at once sally forth in quest of the offenders and he said so to his master, and entreated him to leave the place at once, and go into hiding in the sierra that was close by.
Gines de Pasamonte made answer for all, saying, 'That which you, sir, our deliverer, demand of us, is of all impossibilities the most impossible to comply with, because we cannot go together along the roads, but only singly and separate, and each one his own way, endeavouring to hide ourselves in the bowels of the earth to escape the Holy Brotherhood, which, no doubt, will come out in search of us.
Pasamonte, who was anything but meek (being by this time thoroughly convinced that Don Quixote was not quite right in his head as he had committed such a vagary as to set them free), finding himself abused in this fashion, gave the wink to his companions, and falling back they began to shower stones on Don Quixote at such a rate that he was quite unable to protect himself with his buckler, and poor Rocinante no more heeded the spur than if he had been made of brass.
Don Quixote was unable to shield himself so well but that more pebbles than I could count struck him full on the body with such force that they brought him to the ground and the instant he fell the student pounced upon him, snatched the basin from his head, and with it struck three or four blows on his shoulders, and as many more on the ground, knocking it almost to pieces.
From Sancho they took his coat, leaving him in his shirtsleeves and dividing among themselves the remaining spoils of the battle, they went each one his own way, more solicitous about keeping clear of the Holy Brotherhood they dreaded, than about burdening themselves with the chain, or going to present themselves before the lady Dulcinea del Toboso.
The ass and Rocinante, Sancho and Don Quixote, were all that were left upon the spot the ass with drooping head, serious, shaking his ears from time to time as if he thought the storm of stones that assailed them was not yet over Rocinante stretched beside his master, for he too had been brought to the ground by a stone Sancho stripped, and trembling with fear of the Holy Brotherhood and Don Quixote fuming to find himself so served by the very persons for whom he had done so much.
Seeing himself served in this way, Don Quixote said to his squire, 'I have always heard it said, Sancho, that to do good to boors is to throw water into the sea. If I had believed thy words, I should have avoided this trouble but it is done now, it is only to have patience and take warning for the future.
'Your worship will take warning as much as I am a Turk, returned Sancho 'but, as you say this mischief might have been avoided if you had believed me, believe me now, and a still greater one will be avoided for I tell you chivalry is of no account with the Holy Brotherhood, and they don't care two maravedis for all the knightserrant in the world and I can tell you I fancy I hear their arrows whistling past my ears this minute.
Don Quixote mounted without replying, and, Sancho leading the way on his ass, they entered the side of the Sierra Morena, which was close by, as it was Sancho's design to cross it entirely and come out again at El Viso or Almodvar del Campo, and hide for some days among its crags so as to escape the search of the Brotherhood should they come to look for them.
Aurora made her appearance bringing gladness to the earth but sadness to Sancho Panza, for he found that his Dapple was missing, and seeing himself bereft of him he began the saddest and most doleful lament in the world, so loud that Don Quixote awoke at his exclamations and heard him saying, 'O son of my bowels, born in my very house, my children's plaything, my wife's joy, the envy of my neighbours, relief of my burdens, and lastly, half supporter of myself, for with the sixandtwenty maravedis thou didst earn me daily I met half my charges.
Don Quixote, when he heard the lament and learned the cause, consoled Sancho with the best arguments he could, entreating him to be patient, and promising to give him a letter of exchange ordering three out of five asscolts that he had at home to be given to him. Sancho took comfort at this, dried his tears, suppressed his sobs, and returned thanks for the kindness shown him by Don Quixote.
He on his part was rejoiced to the heart on entering the mountains, as they seemed to him to be just the place for the adventures he was in quest of. They brought back to his memory the marvellous adventures that had befallen knightserrant in like solitudes and wilds, and he went along reflecting on these things, so absorbed and carried away by them that he had no thought for anything else.
Nor had Sancho any other care (now that he fancied he was travelling in a safe quarter) than to satisfy his appetite with such remains as were left of the clerical spoils, and so he marched behind his master laden with what Dapple used to carry, emptying the sack and packing his paunch, and so long as he could go that way, he would not have given a farthing to meet with another adventure.
Sancho did so with great alacrity, and though the valise was secured by a chain and padlock, from its torn and rotten condition he was able to see its contents, which were four shirts of fine holland, and other articles of linen no less curious than clean and in a handkerchief he found a good lot of gold crowns, and as soon as he saw them he exclaimed 'Blessed be all Heaven for sending us an adventure that is good for something!
Searching further he found a little memorandum book richly bound this Don Quixote asked of him, telling him to take the money and keep it for himself. Sancho kissed his hands for the favour, and cleared the valise of its linen, which he stowed away in the provision sack. Considering the whole matter, Don Quixote observed 'It seems to me, Sanchoand it is impossible it can be otherwisethat some strayed traveller must have crossed this sierra and been attacked and slain by footpads, who brought him to this remote spot to bury him.
'That cannot be, answered Sancho, 'because if they had been robbers they would not have left this money. 'Thou art right, said Don Quixote, 'and I cannot guess or explain what this may mean but stay let us see if in this memorandum book there is anything written by which we may be able to trace out or discover what we want to know.
He opened it, and the first thing he found in it, written roughly but in a very good hand, was a sonnet, and reading it aloud that Sancho might hear it, he found that it ran as follows SONNET Or Love is lacking in intelligence, Or to the height of cruelty attains, Or else it is my doom to suffer pains Beyond the measure due to my offence.
But if Love be a God, it follows thence That he knows all, and certain it remains No God loves cruelty then who ordains This penance that enthrals while it torments? It were a falsehood, Chloe, thee to name Such evil with such goodness cannot live And against Heaven I dare not charge the blame, I only know it is my fate to die.
To him who knows not whence his malady A miracle alone a cure can give. 'There is nothing to be learned from that rhyme, said Sancho, 'unless by that clue there's in it, one may draw out the ball of the whole matter. 'What clue is there? said Don Quixote.
'I thought your worship spoke of a clue in it, said Sancho. 'I only said Chloe, replied Don Quixote 'and that no doubt, is the name of the lady of whom the author of the sonnet complains and, faith, he must be a tolerable poet, or I know little of the craft.
'And better than thou thinkest, replied Don Quixote, 'as thou shalt see when thou carriest a letter written in verse from beginning to end to my lady Dulcinea del Toboso, for I would have thee know, Sancho, that all or most of the knightserrant in days of yore were great troubadours and great musicians, for both of these accomplishments, or more properly speaking gifts, are the peculiar property of loverserrant true it is that the verses of the knights of old have more spirit than neatness in them.
'Read more, your worship, said Sancho, 'and you will find something that will enlighten us. Don Quixote turned the page and said, 'This is prose and seems to be a letter. 'A correspondence letter, seor? 'From the beginning it seems to be a love letter, replied Don Quixote. 'Then let your worship read it aloud, said Sancho, 'for I am very fond of love matters.
'With all my heart, said Don Quixote, and reading it aloud as Sancho had requested him, he found it ran thus Thy false promise and my sure misfortune carry me to a place whence the news of my death will reach thy ears before the words of my complaint. Ungrateful one, thou hast rejected me for one more wealthy, but not more worthy but if virtue were esteemed wealth I should neither envy the fortunes of others nor weep for misfortunes of my own.
What thy beauty raised up thy deeds have laid low by it I believed thee to be an angel, by them I know thou art a woman. Peace be with thee who hast sent war to me, and Heaven grant that the deceit of thy husband be ever hidden from thee, so that thou repent not of what thou hast done, and I reap not a revenge I would not have.
When he had finished the letter, Don Quixote said, 'There is less to be gathered from this than from the verses, except that he who wrote it is some rejected lover and turning over nearly all the pages of the book he found more verses and letters, some of which he could read, while others he could not but they were all made up of complaints, laments, misgivings, desires and aversions, favours and rejections, some rapturous, some doleful.
As he went along, then, occupied with these thoughts, he perceived on the summit of a height that rose before their eyes a man who went springing from rock to rock and from tussock to tussock with marvellous agility. As well as he could make out he was unclad, with a thick black beard, long tangled hair, and bare legs and feet, his thighs were covered by breeches apparently of tawny velvet but so ragged that they showed his skin in several places.
He was bareheaded, and notwithstanding the swiftness with which he passed as has been described, the Knight of the Rueful Countenance observed and noted all these trifles, and though he made the attempt, he was unable to follow him, for it was not granted to the feebleness of Rocinante to make way over such rough ground, he being, moreover, slowpaced and sluggish by nature.
Don Quixote at once came to the conclusion that this was the owner of the saddlepad and of the valise, and made up his mind to go in search of him, even though he should have to wander a year in those mountains before he found him, and so he directed Sancho to take a short cut over one side of the mountain, while he himself went by the other, and perhaps by this means they might light upon this man who had passed so quickly out of their sight.
'I could not do that, said Sancho, 'for when I separate from your worship fear at once lays hold of me, and assails me with all sorts of panics and fancies and let what I now say be a notice that from this time forth I am not going to stir a finger's width from your presence.
'It shall be so, said he of the Rueful Countenance, 'and I am very glad that thou art willing to rely on my courage, which will never fail thee, even though the soul in thy body fail thee so come on now behind me slowly as well as thou canst, and make lanterns of thine eyes let us make the circuit of this ridge perhaps we shall light upon this man that we saw, who no doubt is no other than the owner of what we found.
To which Sancho made answer, 'Far better would it be not to look for him, for, if we find him, and he happens to be the owner of the money, it is plain I must restore it it would be better, therefore, that without taking this needless trouble, I should keep possession of it until in some other less meddlesome and officious way the real owner may be discovered and perhaps that will be when I shall have spent it, and then the king will hold me harmless.
'Thou art wrong there, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'for now that we have a suspicion who the owner is, and have him almost before us, we are bound to seek him and make restitution and if we do not see him, the strong suspicion we have as to his being the owner makes us as guilty as if he were so and so, friend Sancho, let not our search for him give thee any uneasiness, for if we find him it will relieve mine.
And so saying he gave Rocinante the spur, and Sancho followed him on foot and loaded, and after having partly made the circuit of the mountain they found lying in a ravine, dead and half devoured by dogs and pecked by jackdaws, a mule saddled and bridled, all which still further strengthened their suspicion that he who had fled was the owner of the mule and the saddlepad.
As they stood looking at it they heard a whistle like that of a shepherd watching his flock, and suddenly on their left there appeared a great number of goats and behind them on the summit of the mountain the goatherd in charge of them, a man advanced in years.
Don Quixote called aloud to him and begged him to come down to where they stood. He shouted in return, asking what had brought them to that spot, seldom or never trodden except by the feet of goats, or of the wolves and other wild beasts that roamed around. Sancho in return bade him come down, and they would explain all to him.
The goatherd descended, and reaching the place where Don Quixote stood, he said, 'I will wager you are looking at that hack mule that lies dead in the hollow there, and, faith, it has been lying there now these six months tell me, have you come upon its master about here?
'We have come upon nobody, answered Don Quixote, 'nor on anything except a saddlepad and a little valise that we found not far from this. 'I found it too, said the goatherd, 'but I would not lift it nor go near it for fear of some illluck or being charged with theft, for the devil is crafty, and things rise up under one's feet to make one fall without knowing why or wherefore.
'That's exactly what I say, said Sancho 'I found it too, and I would not go within a stone's throw of it there I left it, and there it lies just as it was, for I don't want a dog with a bell. 'Tell me, good man, said Don Quixote, 'do you know who is the owner of this property?
'All I can tell you, said the goatherd, 'is that about six months ago, more or less, there arrived at a shepherd's hut three leagues, perhaps, away from this, a youth of wellbred appearance and manners, mounted on that same mule which lies dead here, and with the same saddlepad and valise which you say you found and did not touch.
He asked us what part of this sierra was the most rugged and retired we told him that it was where we now are and so in truth it is, for if you push on half a league farther, perhaps you will not be able to find your way out and I am wondering how you have managed to come here, for there is no road or path that leads to this spot.
He came out to meet us with great gentleness, with his dress now torn and his face so disfigured and burned by the sun, that we hardly recognised him but that his clothes, though torn, convinced us, from the recollection we had of them, that he was the person we were looking for.
We asked him to tell us who he was, but we were never able to find out from him we begged of him too, when he was in want of food, which he could not do without, to tell us where we should find him, as we would bring it to him with all goodwill and readiness or if this were not to his taste, at least to come and ask it of us and not take it by force from the shepherds.
'We forced him to release his hold with no little difficulty, and without another word he left us, and rushing off plunged in among these brakes and brambles, so as to make it impossible for us to follow him from this we suppose that madness comes upon him from time to time, and that someone called Fernando must have done him a wrong of a grievous nature such as the condition to which it had brought him seemed to show.
For Don Quixote had already described how he had seen the man go bounding along the mountainside, and he was now filled with amazement at what he heard from the goatherd, and more eager than ever to discover who the unhappy madman was and in his heart he resolved, as he had done before, to search for him all over the mountain, not leaving a corner or cave unexamined until he had found him.
But chance arranged matters better than he expected or hoped, for at that very moment, in a gorge on the mountain that opened where they stood, the youth he wished to find made his appearance, coming along talking to himself in a way that would have been unintelligible near at hand, much more at a distance.
His garb was what has been described, save that as he drew near, Don Quixote perceived that a tattered doublet which he wore was ambertanned, from which he concluded that one who wore such garments could not be of very low rank. Approaching them, the youth greeted them in a harsh and hoarse voice but with great courtesy.
The other, whom we may call the Ragged One of the Sorry Countenance, as Don Quixote was of the Rueful, after submitting to the embrace pushed him back a little and, placing his hands on Don Quixote's shoulders, stood gazing at him as if seeking to see whether he knew him, not less amazed, perhaps, at the sight of the face, figure, and armour of Don Quixote than Don Quixote was at the sight of him.
'Mine, replied Don Quixote, 'is to be of service to you, so much so that I had resolved not to quit these mountains until I had found you, and learned of you whether there is any kind of relief to be found for that sorrow under which from the strangeness of your life you seem to labour and to search for you with all possible diligence, if search had been necessary.
And if your misfortune should prove to be one of those that refuse admission to any sort of consolation, it was my purpose to join you in lamenting and mourning over it, so far as I could for it is still some comfort in misfortune to find one who can feel for it.
And if my good intentions deserve to be acknowledged with any kind of courtesy, I entreat you, seor, by that which I perceive you possess in so high a degree, and likewise conjure you by whatever you love or have loved best in life, to tell me who you are and the cause that has brought you to live or die in these solitudes like a brute beast, dwelling among them in a manner so foreign to your condition as your garb and appearance show.
And I swear, added Don Quixote, 'by the order of knighthood which I have received, and by my vocation of knighterrant, if you gratify me in this, to serve you with all the zeal my calling demands of me, either in relieving your misfortune if it admits of relief, or in joining you in lamenting it as I promised to do.
The Knight of the Thicket, hearing him of the Rueful Countenance talk in this strain, did nothing but stare at him, and stare at him again, and again survey him from head to foot and when he had thoroughly examined him, he said to him 'If you have anything to give me to eat, for God's sake give it me, and after I have eaten I will do all you ask in acknowledgment of the goodwill you have displayed towards me.
Sancho from his sack, and the goatherd from his pouch, furnished the Ragged One with the means of appeasing his hunger, and what they gave him he ate like a halfwitted being, so hastily that he took no time between mouthfuls, gorging rather than swallowing and while he ate neither he nor they who observed him uttered a word.
On reaching it he stretched himself upon the grass, and the others did the same, all keeping silence, until the Ragged One, settling himself in his place, said 'If it is your wish, sirs, that I should disclose in a few words the surpassing extent of my misfortunes, you must promise not to break the thread of my sad story with any question or other interruption, for the instant you do so the tale I tell will come to an end.
Don Quixote gave the promise for himself and the others, and with this assurance he began as follows 'My name is Cardenio, my birthplace one of the best cities of this Andalusia, my family noble, my parents rich, my misfortune so great that my parents must have wept and my family grieved over it without being able by their wealth to lighten it for the gifts of fortune can do little to relieve reverses sent by Heaven.
In that same country there was a heaven in which love had placed all the glory I could desire such was the beauty of Luscinda, a damsel as noble and as rich as I, but of happier fortunes, and of less firmness than was due to so worthy a passion as mine.
This Luscinda I loved, worshipped, and adored from my earliest and tenderest years, and she loved me in all the innocence and sincerity of childhood. Our parents were aware of our feelings, and were not sorry to perceive them, for they saw clearly that as they ripened they must lead at last to a marriage between us, a thing that seemed almost prearranged by the equality of our families and wealth.
At length growing impatient and feeling my heart languishing with longing to see her, I resolved to put into execution and carry out what seemed to me the best mode of winning my desired and merited reward, to ask her of her father for my lawful wife, which I did.
To this his answer was that he thanked me for the disposition I showed to do honour to him and to regard myself as honoured by the bestowal of his treasure but that as my father was alive it was his by right to make this demand, for if it were not in accordance with his full will and pleasure, Luscinda was not to be taken or given by stealth.
When I entered the room where he was I found him with an open letter in his hand, which, before I could utter a word, he gave me, saying, 'By this letter thou wilt see, Cardenio, the disposition the Duke Ricardo has to serve thee.' This Duke Ricardo, as you, sirs, probably know already, is a grandee of Spain who has his seat in the best part of this Andalusia.
I took and read the letter, which was couched in terms so flattering that even I myself felt it would be wrong in my father not to comply with the request the duke made in it, which was that he would send me immediately to him, as he wished me to become the companion, not servant, of his eldest son, and would take upon himself the charge of placing me in a position corresponding to the esteem in which he held me.
On reading the letter my voice failed me, and still more when I heard my father say, 'Two days hence thou wilt depart, Cardenio, in accordance with the duke's wish, and give thanks to God who is opening a road to thee by which thou mayest attain what I know thou dost deserve and to these words he added others of fatherly counsel.
The time for my departure arrived I spoke one night to Luscinda, I told her all that had occurred, as I did also to her father, entreating him to allow some delay, and to defer the disposal of her hand until I should see what the Duke Ricardo sought of me he gave me the promise, and she confirmed it with vows and swoonings unnumbered.
But the one to whom my arrival gave the greatest pleasure was the duke's second son, Fernando by name, a gallant youth, of noble, generous, and amorous disposition, who very soon made so intimate a friend of me that it was remarked by everybody for though the elder was attached to me, and showed me kindness, he did not carry his affectionate treatment to the same length as Don Fernando.
He was deeply in love with a peasant girl, a vassal of his father's, the daughter of wealthy parents, and herself so beautiful, modest, discreet, and virtuous, that no one who knew her was able to decide in which of these respects she was most highly gifted or most excelled.
The attractions of the fair peasant raised the passion of Don Fernando to such a point that, in order to gain his object and overcome her virtuous resolutions, he determined to pledge his word to her to become her husband, for to attempt it in any other way was to attempt an impossibility.
When I heard him say so, even if his resolution had not been so good a one I should have hailed it as one of the happiest that could be imagined, prompted by my affection, seeing what a favourable chance and opportunity it offered me of returning to see my Luscinda.
But, as afterwards appeared, when he said this to me he had already enjoyed the peasant girl under the title of husband, and was waiting for an opportunity of making it known with safety to himself, being in dread of what his father the duke would do when he came to know of his folly.
'The duke gave him permission, and ordered me to accompany him we arrived at my city, and my father gave him the reception due to his rank I saw Luscinda without delay, and, though it had not been dead or deadened, my love gathered fresh life. To my sorrow I told the story of it to Don Fernando, for I thought that in virtue of the great friendship he bore me I was bound to conceal nothing from him.
I extolled her beauty, her gaiety, her wit, so warmly, that my praises excited in him a desire to see a damsel adorned by such attractions. To my misfortune I yielded to it, showing her to him one night by the light of a taper at a window where we used to talk to one another.
While Don Quixote was saying this, Cardenio allowed his head to fall upon his breast, and seemed plunged in deep thought and though twice Don Quixote bade him go on with his story, he neither looked up nor uttered a word in reply but after some time he raised his head and said, 'I cannot get rid of the idea, nor will anyone in the world remove it, or make me think otherwiseand he would be a blockhead who would hold or believe anything else than that that arrant knave Master Elisabad made free with Queen Madasima.
Queen Madasima was a very illustrious lady, and it is not to be supposed that so exalted a princess would have made free with a quack and whoever maintains the contrary lies like a great scoundrel, and I will give him to know it, on foot or on horseback, armed or unarmed, by night or by day, or as he likes best.
Cardenio was looking at him steadily, and his mad fit having now come upon him, he had no disposition to go on with his story, nor would Don Quixote have listened to it, so much had what he had heard about Madasima disgusted him. Strange to say, he stood up for her as if she were in earnest his veritable born lady to such a pass had his unholy books brought him.
Cardenio, then, being, as I said, now mad, when he heard himself given the lie, and called a scoundrel and other insulting names, not relishing the jest, snatched up a stone that he found near him, and with it delivered such a blow on Don Quixote's breast that he laid him on his back.
Sancho Panza, seeing his master treated in this fashion, attacked the madman with his closed fist but the Ragged One received him in such a way that with a blow of his fist he stretched him at his feet, and then mounting upon him crushed his ribs to his own satisfaction the goatherd, who came to the rescue, shared the same fate and having beaten and pummelled them all he left them and quietly withdrew to his hidingplace on the mountain.
Sancho rose, and with the rage he felt at finding himself so belaboured without deserving it, ran to take vengeance on the goatherd, accusing him of not giving them warning that this man was at times taken with a mad fit, for if they had known it they would have been on their guard to protect themselves.
The goatherd replied that he had said so, and that if he had not heard him, that was no fault of his. Sancho retorted, and the goatherd rejoined, and the altercation ended in their seizing each other by the beard, and exchanging such fisticuffs that if Don Quixote had not made peace between them, they would have knocked one another to pieces.
'Leave me alone, Sir Knight of the Rueful Countenance, said Sancho, grappling with the goatherd, 'for of this fellow, who is a clown like myself, and no dubbed knight, I can safely take satisfaction for the affront he has offered me, fighting with him hand to hand like an honest man.
'That is true, said Don Quixote, 'but I know that he is not to blame for what has happened. With this he pacified them, and again asked the goatherd if it would be possible to find Cardenio, as he felt the greatest anxiety to know the end of his story.
The goatherd told him, as he had told him before, that there was no knowing of a certainty where his lair was but that if he wandered about much in that neighbourhood he could not fail to fall in with him either in or out of his senses. Don Quixote took leave of the goatherd, and once more mounting Rocinante bade Sancho follow him, which he having no ass, did very discontentedly.
If luck would have it that animals spoke as they did in the days of Guisopete, it would not be so bad, because I could talk to Rocinante about whatever came into my head, and so put up with my illfortune but it is a hard case, and not to be borne with patience, to go seeking adventures all one's life and get nothing but kicks and blanketings, brickbats and punches, and with all this to have to sew up one's mouth without daring to say what is in one's heart, just as if one were dumb.
'So be it, said Sancho 'let me speak now, for God knows what will happen byandby and to take advantage of the permit at once, I ask, what made your worship stand up so for that Queen Majimasa, or whatever her name is, or what did it matter whether that abbot was a friend of hers or not?
'In faith, Sancho, answered Don Quixote, 'if thou knewest as I do what an honourable and illustrious lady Queen Madasima was, I know thou wouldst say I had great patience that I did not break in pieces the mouth that uttered such blasphemies, for a very great blasphemy it is to say or imagine that a queen has made free with a surgeon.
The truth of the story is that that Master Elisabad whom the madman mentioned was a man of great prudence and sound judgment, and served as governor and physician to the queen, but to suppose that she was his mistress is nonsense deserving very severe punishment and as a proof that Cardenio did not know what he was saying, remember when he said it he was out of his wits.
'That is what I say, said Sancho 'there was no occasion for minding the words of a madman for if good luck had not helped your worship, and he had sent that stone at your head instead of at your breast, a fine way we should have been in for standing up for my lady yonder, God confound her!
'I neither say nor think so, said Sancho 'let them look to it with their bread let them eat it they have rendered account to God whether they misbehaved or not I come from my vineyard, I know nothing I am not fond of prying into other men's lives he who buys and lies feels it in his purse moreover, naked was I born, naked I find myself, I neither lose nor gain but if they did, what is that to me?
many think there are flitches where there are no hooks but who can put gates to the open plain? moreover they said of God 'God bless me, said Don Quixote, 'what a set of absurdities thou art stringing together! What has what we are talking about got to do with the proverbs thou art threading one after the other?
for God's sake hold thy tongue, Sancho, and henceforward keep to prodding thy ass and don't meddle in what does not concern thee and understand with all thy five senses that everything I have done, am doing, or shall do, is well founded on reason and in conformity with the rules of chivalry, for I understand them better than all the world that profess them.
'Seor, replied Sancho, 'is it a good rule of chivalry that we should go astray through these mountains without path or road, looking for a madman who when he is found will perhaps take a fancy to finish what he began, not his story, but your worship's head and my ribs, and end by breaking them altogether for us?
'Peace, I say again, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'for let me tell thee it is not so much the desire of finding that madman that leads me into these regions as that which I have of performing among them an achievement wherewith I shall win eternal name and fame throughout the known world and it shall be such that I shall thereby set the seal on all that can make a knighterrant perfect and famous.
'And is it very perilous, this achievement? 'No, replied he of the Rueful Countenance 'though it may be in the dice that we may throw deuceace instead of sixes but all will depend on thy diligence. 'On my diligence! said Sancho. 'Yes, said Don Quixote, 'for if thou dost return soon from the place where I mean to send thee, my penance will be soon over, and my glory will soon begin.
But as it is not right to keep thee any longer in suspense, waiting to see what comes of my words, I would have thee know, Sancho, that the famous Amadis of Gaul was one of the most perfect knightserrantI am wrong to say he was one he stood alone, the first, the only one, the lord of all that were in the world in his time.
In the same way Amadis was the polestar, daystar, sun of valiant and devoted knights, whom all we who fight under the banner of love and chivalry are bound to imitate. This, then, being so, I consider, friend Sancho, that the knighterrant who shall imitate him most closely will come nearest to reaching the perfection of chivalry.
Now one of the instances in which this knight most conspicuously showed his prudence, worth, valour, endurance, fortitude, and love, was when he withdrew, rejected by the Lady Oriana, to do penance upon the Pea Pobre, changing his name into that of Beltenebros, a name assuredly significant and appropriate to the life which he had voluntarily adopted.
So, as it is easier for me to imitate him in this than in cleaving giants asunder, cutting off serpents' heads, slaying dragons, routing armies, destroying fleets, and breaking enchantments, and as this place is so well suited for a similar purpose, I must not allow the opportunity to escape which now so conveniently offers me its forelock.
'Have I not told thee, answered Don Quixote, 'that I mean to imitate Amadis here, playing the victim of despair, the madman, the maniac, so as at the same time to imitate the valiant Don Roland, when at the fountain he had evidence of the fair Angelica having disgraced herself with Medoro and through grief thereat went mad, and plucked up trees, troubled the waters of the clear springs, slew shepherds, destroyed flocks, burned down huts, levelled houses, dragged mares after him, and perpetrated a hundred thousand other outrages worthy of everlasting renown and record?
And though I have no intention of imitating Roland, or Orlando, or Rotolando (for he went by all these names), step by step in all the mad things he did, said, and thought, I will make a rough copy to the best of my power of all that seems to me most essential but perhaps I shall content myself with the simple imitation of Amadis, who without giving way to any mischievous madness but merely to tears and sorrow, gained as much fame as the most famous.
'It seems to me, said Sancho, 'that the knights who behaved in this way had provocation and cause for those follies and penances but what cause has your worship for going mad? What lady has rejected you, or what evidence have you found to prove that the lady Dulcinea del Toboso has been trifling with Moor or Christian?
I have the basin in my sack all dinted, and I am taking it home to have it mended, to trim my beard in it, if, by God's grace, I am allowed to see my wife and children some day or other. 'Look here, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'by him thou didst swear by just now I swear thou hast the most limited understanding that any squire in the world has or ever had.
Keep it safe, my friend, for just now I have no need of it indeed, I shall have to take off all this armour and remain as naked as I was born, if I have a mind to follow Roland rather than Amadis in my penance. Thus talking they reached the foot of a high mountain which stood like an isolated peak among the others that surrounded it.
Oh, ye rural deities, whoever ye be that haunt this lone spot, give ear to the complaint of a wretched lover whom long absence and brooding jealousy have driven to bewail his fate among these wilds and complain of the hard heart of that fair and ungrateful one, the end and limit of all human beauty!
Oh, Dulcinea del Toboso, day of my night, glory of my pain, guide of my path, star of my fortune, so may Heaven grant thee in full all thou seekest of it, bethink thee of the place and condition to which absence from thee has brought me, and make that return in kindness that is due to my fidelity!
'I declare, Sancho, returned Don Quixote, 'it shall be as thou wilt, for thy plan does not seem to me a bad one, and three days hence thou wilt depart, for I wish thee to observe in the meantime what I do and say for her sake, that thou mayest be able to tell it.
'But what more have I to see besides what I have seen? said Sancho. 'Much thou knowest about it! said Don Quixote. 'I have now got to tear up my garments, to scatter about my armour, knock my head against these rocks, and more of the same sort of thing, which thou must witness.
'That is true, said he of the Rueful Countenance, 'but how shall we manage to write the letter? 'And the asscolt order too, added Sancho. 'All shall be included, said Don Quixote 'and as there is no paper, it would be well done to write it on the leaves of trees, as the ancients did, or on tablets of wax though that would be as hard to find just now as paper.
But it has just occurred to me how it may be conveniently and even more than conveniently written, and that is in the notebook that belonged to Cardenio, and thou wilt take care to have it copied on paper, in a good hand, at the first village thou comest to where there is a schoolmaster, or if not, any sacristan will copy it but see thou give it not to any notary to copy, for they write a law hand that Satan could not make out.
'But what is to be done about the signature? said Sancho. 'The letters of Amadis were never signed, said Don Quixote. 'That is all very well, said Sancho, 'but the order must needs be signed, and if it is copied they will say the signature is false, and I shall be left without asscolts.
'So, so! said Sancho 'Lorenzo Corchuelo's daughter is the lady Dulcinea del Toboso, otherwise called Aldonza Lorenzo? 'She it is, said Don Quixote, 'and she it is that is worthy to be lady of the whole universe. 'I know her well, said Sancho, 'and let me tell you she can fling a crowbar as well as the lustiest lad in all the town.
I can tell you one day she posted herself on the top of the belfry of the village to call some labourers of theirs that were in a ploughed field of her father's, and though they were better than half a league off they heard her as well as if they were at the foot of the tower and the best of her is that she is not a bit prudish, for she has plenty of affability, and jokes with everybody, and has a grin and a jest for everything.
But I must own the truth to your worship, Seor Don Quixote until now I have been under a great mistake, for I believed truly and honestly that the lady Dulcinea must be some princess your worship was in love with, or some person great enough to deserve the rich presents you have sent her, such as the Biscayan and the galley slaves, and many more no doubt, for your worship must have won many victories in the time when I was not yet your squire.
But all things considered, what good can it do the lady Aldonza Lorenzo, I mean the lady Dulcinea del Toboso, to have the vanquished your worship sends or will send coming to her and going down on their knees before her? Because maybe when they came she'd be hackling flax or threshing on the threshing floor, and they'd be ashamed to see her, and she'd laugh, or resent the present.
'I have before now told thee many times, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'that thou art a mighty great chatterer, and that with a blunt wit thou art always striving at sharpness but to show thee what a fool thou art and how rational I am, I would have thee listen to a short story.
Thinkest thou that the Amarillises, the Phillises, the Sylvias, the Dianas, the Galateas, the Flidas, and all the rest of them, that the books, the ballads, the barber's shops, the theatres are full of, were really and truly ladies of flesh and blood, and mistresses of those that glorify and have glorified them?
Nothing of the kind they only invent them for the most part to furnish a subject for their verses, and that they may pass for lovers, or for men valiant enough to be so and so it suffices me to think and believe that the good Aldonza Lorenzo is fair and virtuous and as to her pedigree it is very little matter, for no one will examine into it for the purpose of conferring any order upon her, and I, for my part, reckon her the most exalted princess in the world.
'I say that your worship is entirely right, said Sancho, 'and that I am an ass. But I know not how the name of ass came into my mouth, for a rope is not to be mentioned in the house of him who has been hanged but now for the letter, and then, God be with you, I am off.
Don Quixote took out the notebook, and, retiring to one side, very deliberately began to write the letter, and when he had finished it he called to Sancho, saying he wished to read it to him, so that he might commit it to memory, in case of losing it on the road for with evil fortune like his anything might be apprehended.
To which Sancho replied, 'Write it two or three times there in the book and give it to me, and I will carry it very carefully, because to expect me to keep it in my memory is all nonsense, for I have such a bad one that I often forget my own name but for all that repeat it to me, as I shall like to hear it, for surely it will run as if it was in print.
'Listen, said Don Quixote, 'this is what it says 'Don Quixote's Letter to Dulcinea del Toboso 'Sovereign and exalted Lady,The pierced by the point of absence, the wounded to the heart's core, sends thee, sweetest Dulcinea del Toboso, the health that he himself enjoys not. If thy beauty despises me, if thy worth is not for me, if thy scorn is my affliction, though I be sufficiently longsuffering, hardly shall I endure this anxiety, which, besides being oppressive, is protracted.
My good squire Sancho will relate to thee in full, fair ingrate, dear enemy, the condition to which I am reduced on thy account if it be thy pleasure to give me relief, I am thine if not, do as may be pleasing to thee for by ending my life I shall satisfy thy cruelty and my desire.
'Thine till death, 'The Knight of the Rueful Countenance. 'By the life of my father, said Sancho, when he heard the letter, 'it is the loftiest thing I ever heard. Body of me! how your worship says everything as you like in it! And how well you fit in 'The Knight of the Rueful Countenance' into the signature.
I declare your worship is indeed the very devil, and there is nothing you don't know. 'Everything is needed for the calling I follow, said Don Quixote. 'Now then, said Sancho, 'let your worship put the order for the three asscolts on the other side, and sign it very plainly, that they may recognise it at first sight.
'With all my heart, said Don Quixote, and as he had written it he read it to this effect 'Mistress Niece,By this first of asscolts please pay to Sancho Panza, my squire, three of the five I left at home in your charge said three asscolts to be paid and delivered for the same number received here in hand, which upon this and upon his receipt shall be duly paid.
Done in the heart of the Sierra Morena, the twentyseventh of August of this present year. 'That will do, said Sancho 'now let your worship sign it. 'There is no need to sign it, said Don Quixote, 'but merely to put my flourish, which is the same as a signature, and enough for three asses, or even three hundred.
'I can trust your worship, returned Sancho 'let me go and saddle Rocinante, and be ready to give me your blessing, for I mean to go at once without seeing the fooleries your worship is going to do I'll say I saw you do so many that she will not want any more.
'At any rate, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'I should likeand there is reason for itI should like thee, I say, to see me stripped to the skin and performing a dozen or two of insanities, which I can get done in less than half an hour for having seen them with thine own eyes, thou canst then safely swear to the rest that thou wouldst add and I promise thee thou wilt not tell of as many as I mean to perform.
If not, let the lady Dulcinea look to it if she does not answer reasonably, I swear as solemnly as I can that I will fetch a fair answer out of her stomach with kicks and cuffs for why should it be borne that a knighterrant as famous as your worship should go mad without rhyme or reason for a?
Her ladyship had best not drive me to say it, for by God I will speak out and let off everything cheap, even if it doesn't sell I am pretty good at that! she little knows me faith, if she knew me she'd be in awe of me. 'In faith, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'to all appearance thou art no sounder in thy wits than I.
'Let not that anxiety trouble thee, replied Don Quixote, 'for even if I had it I should not eat anything but the herbs and the fruits which this meadow and these trees may yield me the beauty of this business of mine lies in not eating, and in performing other mortifications.
'So I will, said Sancho Panza, and having cut some, he asked his master's blessing, and not without many tears on both sides, took his leave of him, and mounting Rocinante, of whom Don Quixote charged him earnestly to have as much care as of his own person, he set out for the plain, strewing at intervals the branches of broom as his master had recommended him and so he went his way, though Don Quixote still entreated him to see him do were it only a couple of mad acts.
He had not gone a hundred paces, however, when he returned and said 'I must say, seor, your worship said quite right, that in order to be able to swear without a weight on my conscience that I had seen you do mad things, it would be well for me to see if it were only one though in your worship's remaining here I have seen a very great one.
But putting the question of his valour aside, let us come to his losing his wits, for certain it is that he did lose them in consequence of the proofs he discovered at the fountain, and the intelligence the shepherd gave him of Angelica having slept more than two siestas with Medoro, a little curlyheaded Moor, and page to Agramante.
For my Dulcinea, I will venture to swear, never saw a Moor in her life, as he is, in his proper costume, and she is this day as the mother that bore her, and I should plainly be doing her a wrong if, fancying anything else, I were to go mad with the same kind of madness as Roland the Furious.
On the other hand, I see that Amadis of Gaul, without losing his senses and without doing anything mad, acquired as a lover as much fame as the most famous for, according to his history, on finding himself rejected by his lady Oriana, who had ordered him not to appear in her presence until it should be her pleasure, all he did was to retire to the Pea Pobre in company with a hermit, and there he took his fill of weeping until Heaven sent him relief in the midst of his great grief and need.
And if this be true, as it is, why should I now take the trouble to strip stark naked, or do mischief to these trees which have done me no harm, or why am I to disturb the clear waters of these brooks which will give me to drink whenever I have a mind?
Long live the memory of Amadis and let him be imitated so far as is possible by Don Quixote of La Mancha, of whom it will be said, as was said of the other, that if he did not achieve great things, he died in attempting them and if I am not repulsed or rejected by my Dulcinea, it is enough for me, as I have said, to be absent from her.
And so, now to business come to my memory ye deeds of Amadis, and show me how I am to begin to imitate you. I know already that what he chiefly did was to pray and commend himself to God but what am I to do for a rosary, for I have not got one?
And then it occurred to him how he might make one, and that was by tearing a great strip off the tail of his shirt which hung down, and making eleven knots on it, one bigger than the rest, and this served him for a rosary all the time he was there, during which he repeated countless avemarias.
If it disturb you, and I owe Some reparation, it may be a Defence for me to let you know Don Quixote's tears are on the flow, And all for distant Dulcinea Del Toboso. The lealest lover time can show, Doomed for a ladylove to languish, Among these solitudes doth go, A prey to every kind of anguish.
Why Love should like a spiteful foe Thus use him, he hath no idea, But hogsheads fullthis doth he know Don Quixote's tears are on the flow, And all for distant Dulcinea Del Toboso. Adventureseeking doth he go Up rugged heights, down rocky valleys, But hill or dale, or high or low, Mishap attendeth all his sallies Love still pursues him to and fro, And plies his cruel scourgeah me!
The addition of 'Del Toboso to Dulcinea's name gave rise to no little laughter among those who found the above lines, for they suspected Don Quixote must have fancied that unless he added 'del Toboso when he introduced the name of Dulcinea the verse would be unintelligible which was indeed the fact, as he himself afterwards admitted.
As soon as he recognised it he felt as if he were once more living through the air, and he could not bring himself to enter it though it was an hour when he might well have done so, for it was dinnertime, and he longed to taste something hot as it had been all cold fare with him for many days past.
This craving drove him to draw near to the inn, still undecided whether to go in or not, and as he was hesitating there came out two persons who at once recognised him, and said one to the other 'Seor licentiate, is not he on the horse there Sancho Panza who, our adventurer's housekeeper told us, went off with her master as esquire?
'So it is, said the licentiate, 'and that is our friend Don Quixote's horse and if they knew him so well it was because they were the curate and the barber of his own village, the same who had carried out the scrutiny and sentence upon the books and as soon as they recognised Sancho Panza and Rocinante, being anxious to hear of Don Quixote, they approached, and calling him by his name the curate said, 'Friend Sancho Panza, where is your master?
Sancho recognised them at once, and determined to keep secret the place and circumstances where and under which he had left his master, so he replied that his master was engaged in a certain quarter on a certain matter of great importance to him which he could not disclose for the eyes in his head.
'Nay, nay, said the barber, 'if you don't tell us where he is, Sancho Panza, we will suspect as we suspect already, that you have murdered and robbed him, for here you are mounted on his horse in fact, you must produce the master of the hack, or else take the consequences.
'There is no need of threats with me, said Sancho, 'for I am not a man to rob or murder anybody let his own fate, or God who made him, kill each one my master is engaged very much to his taste doing penance in the midst of these mountains and then, offhand and without stopping, he told them how he had left him, what adventures had befallen him, and how he was carrying a letter to the lady Dulcinea del Toboso, the daughter of Lorenzo Corchuelo, with whom he was over head and ears in love.
They were both amazed at what Sancho Panza told them for though they were aware of Don Quixote's madness and the nature of it, each time they heard of it they were filled with fresh wonder. They then asked Sancho Panza to show them the letter he was carrying to the lady Dulcinea del Toboso.
Sancho put his hand into his bosom in search of the notebook but could not find it, nor, if he had been searching until now, could he have found it, for Don Quixote had kept it, and had never given it to him, nor had he himself thought of asking for it.
When Sancho discovered he could not find the book his face grew deadly pale, and in great haste he again felt his body all over, and seeing plainly it was not to be found, without more ado he seized his beard with both hands and plucked away half of it, and then, as quick as he could and without stopping, gave himself half a dozen cuffs on the face and nose till they were bathed in blood.
Seeing this, the curate and the barber asked him what had happened him that he gave himself such rough treatment. 'What should happen to me? replied Sancho, 'but to have lost from one hand to the other, in a moment, three asscolts, each of them like a castle? 'How is that?
'I have lost the notebook, said Sancho, 'that contained the letter to Dulcinea, and an order signed by my master in which he directed his niece to give me three asscolts out of four or five he had at home and he then told them about the loss of Dapple.
The curate consoled him, telling him that when his master was found he would get him to renew the order, and make a fresh draft on paper, as was usual and customary for those made in notebooks were never accepted or honoured. Sancho comforted himself with this, and said if that were so the loss of Dulcinea's letter did not trouble him much, for he had it almost by heart, and it could be taken down from him wherever and whenever they liked.
They did not care to take the trouble of disabusing him of his error, as they considered that since it did not in any way hurt his conscience it would be better to leave him in it, and they would have all the more amusement in listening to his simplicities and so they bade him pray to God for his lord's health, as it was a very likely and a very feasible thing for him in course of time to come to be an emperor, as he said, or at least an archbishop or some other dignitary of equal rank.
To which Sancho made answer, 'If fortune, sirs, should bring things about in such a way that my master should have a mind, instead of being an emperor, to be an archbishop, I should like to know what archbishopserrant commonly give their squires? 'They commonly give them, said the curate, some simple benefice or cure, or some place as sacristan which brings them a good fixed income, not counting the altar fees, which may be reckoned at as much more.
'But for that, said Sancho, 'the squire must be unmarried, and must know, at any rate, how to help at mass, and if that be so, woe is me, for I am married already and I don't know the first letter of the A B C. What will become of me if my master takes a fancy to be an archbishop and not an emperor, as is usual and customary with knightserrant?
'So I have thought, said Sancho 'though I can tell you he is fit for anything what I mean to do for my part is to pray to our Lord to place him where it may be best for him, and where he may be able to bestow most favours upon me.
'You speak like a man of sense, said the curate, 'and you will be acting like a good Christian but what must now be done is to take steps to coax your master out of that useless penance you say he is performing and we had best turn into this inn to consider what plan to adopt, and also to dine, for it is now time.
Sancho said they might go in, but that he would wait there outside, and that he would tell them afterwards the reason why he was unwilling, and why it did not suit him to enter it but he begged them to bring him out something to eat, and to let it be hot, and also to bring barley for Rocinante.
And he had no doubt that Don Quixote would comply with any request made in these terms, and that in this way they might remove him and take him to his own village, where they would endeavour to find out if his extraordinary madness admitted of any kind of remedy.
The curate's plan did not seem a bad one to the barber, but on the contrary so good that they immediately set about putting it in execution. They begged a petticoat and hood of the landlady, leaving her in pledge a new cassock of the curate's and the barber made a beard out of a greybrown or red oxtail in which the landlord used to stick his comb.
The landlady asked them what they wanted these things for, and the curate told her in a few words about the madness of Don Quixote, and how this disguise was intended to get him away from the mountain where he then was. The landlord and landlady immediately came to the conclusion that the madman was their guest, the balsam man and master of the blanketed squire, and they told the curate all that had passed between him and them, not omitting what Sancho had been so silent about.
Finally the landlady dressed up the curate in a style that left nothing to be desired she put on him a cloth petticoat with black velvet stripes a palm broad, all slashed, and a bodice of green velvet set off by a binding of white satin, which as well as the petticoat must have been made in the time of king Wamba.
The curate would not let them hood him, but put on his head a little quilted linen cap which he used for a nightcap, and bound his forehead with a strip of black silk, while with another he made a mask with which he concealed his beard and face very well.
He then put on his hat, which was broad enough to serve him for an umbrella, and enveloping himself in his cloak seated himself womanfashion on his mule, while the barber mounted his with a beard down to the waist of mingled red and white, for it was, as has been said, the tail of a clayred ox.
Just at this moment Sancho came up, and on seeing the pair in such a costume he was unable to restrain his laughter the barber, however, agreed to do as the curate wished, and, altering their plan, the curate went on to instruct him how to play his part and what to say to Don Quixote to induce and compel him to come with them and give up his fancy for the place he had chosen for his idle penance.
The barber told him he could manage it properly without any instruction, and as he did not care to dress himself up until they were near where Don Quixote was, he folded up the garments, and the curate adjusted his beard, and they set out under the guidance of Sancho Panza, who went along telling them of the encounter with the madman they met in the Sierra, saying nothing, however, about the finding of the valise and its contents for with all his simplicity the lad was a trifle covetous.
All this Sancho listened to and fixed it well in his memory, and thanked them heartily for intending to recommend his master to be an emperor instead of an archbishop, for he felt sure that in the way of bestowing rewards on their squires emperors could do more than archbishopserrant.
He said, too, that it would be as well for him to go on before them to find him, and give him his lady's answer for that perhaps might be enough to bring him away from the place without putting them to all this trouble. They approved of what Sancho proposed, and resolved to wait for him until he brought back word of having found his master.
Sancho pushed on into the glens of the Sierra, leaving them in one through which there flowed a little gentle rivulet, and where the rocks and trees afforded a cool and grateful shade. It was an August day with all the heat of one, and the heat in those parts is intense, and the hour was three in the afternoon, all which made the spot the more inviting and tempted them to wait there for Sancho's return, which they did.
They were reposing, then, in the shade, when a voice unaccompanied by the notes of any instrument, but sweet and pleasing in its tone, reached their ears, at which they were not a little astonished, as the place did not seem to them likely quarters for one who sang so well for though it is often said that shepherds of rare voice are to be found in the woods and fields, this is rather a flight of the poet's fancy than the truth.
And still more surprised were they when they perceived that what they heard sung were the verses not of rustic shepherds, but of the polished wits of the city and so it proved, for the verses they heard were these What makes my quest of happiness seem vain? Disdain. What bids me to abandon hope of ease?
Jealousies. What holds my heart in anguish of suspense? Absence. If that be so, then for my grief Where shall I turn to seek relief, When hope on every side lies slain By Absence, Jealousies, Disdain? What the prime cause of all my woe doth prove? Love. What at my glory ever looks askance?
Chance. Whence is permission to afflict me given? Heaven. If that be so, I but await The stroke of a resistless fate, Since, working for my woe, these three, Love, Chance and Heaven, in league I see. What must I do to find a remedy? Die. What is the lure for love when coy and strange?
The song ended with a deep sigh, and again the listeners remained waiting attentively for the singer to resume but perceiving that the music had now turned to sobs and heartrending moans they determined to find out who the unhappy being could be whose voice was as rare as his sighs were piteous, and they had not proceeded far when on turning the corner of a rock they discovered a man of the same aspect and appearance as Sancho had described to them when he told them the story of Cardenio.
The curate, who was aware of his misfortune and recognised him by the description, being a man of good address, approached him and in a few sensible words entreated and urged him to quit a life of such misery, lest he should end it there, which would be the greatest of all misfortunes.
If it be, sirs, that you are here with the same design as others have come with, before you proceed with your wise arguments, I entreat you to hear the story of my countless misfortunes, for perhaps when you have heard it you will spare yourselves the trouble you would take in offering consolation to grief that is beyond the reach of it.
'Every day I discover merits in you that oblige and compel me to hold you in higher estimation so if you desire to relieve me of this obligation without cost to my honour, you may easily do so. I have a father who knows you and loves me dearly, who without putting any constraint on my inclination will grant what will be reasonable for you to have, if it be that you value me as you say and as I believe you do.
'By this letter I was induced, as I told you, to demand Luscinda for my wife, and it was through it that Luscinda came to be regarded by Don Fernando as one of the most discreet and prudent women of the day, and this letter it was that suggested his design of ruining me before mine could be carried into effect.
I told Don Fernando that all Luscinda's father was waiting for was that mine should ask her of him, which I did not dare to suggest to him, fearing that he would not consent to do so not because he did not know perfectly well the rank, goodness, virtue, and beauty of Luscinda, and that she had qualities that would do honour to any family in Spain, but because I was aware that he did not wish me to marry so soon, before seeing what the Duke Ricardo would do for me.
In short, I told him I did not venture to mention it to my father, as well on account of that difficulty, as of many others that discouraged me though I knew not well what they were, only that it seemed to me that what I desired was never to come to pass.
To all this Don Fernando answered that he would take it upon himself to speak to my father, and persuade him to speak to Luscinda's father. O, ambitious Marius! O, cruel Catiline! O, wicked Sylla! O, perfidious Ganelon! O, treacherous Vellido! O, vindictive Julian! O, covetous Judas! Traitor, cruel, vindictive, and perfidious, wherein had this poor wretch failed in his fidelity, who with such frankness showed thee the secrets and the joys of his heart?
What offence did I commit? What words did I utter, or what counsels did I give that had not the furtherance of thy honour and welfare for their aim? But, woe is me, wherefore do I complain? for sure it is that when misfortunes spring from the stars, descending from on high they fall upon us with such fury and violence that no power on earth can check their course nor human device stay their coming.
Who could have thought that Don Fernando, a highborn gentleman, intelligent, bound to me by gratitude for my services, one that could win the object of his love wherever he might set his affections, could have become so obdurate, as they say, as to rob me of my one ewe lamb that was not even yet in my possession?
'To proceed, then Don Fernando finding my presence an obstacle to the execution of his treacherous and wicked design, resolved to send me to his elder brother under the pretext of asking money from him to pay for six horses which, purposely, and with the sole object of sending me away that he might the better carry out his infernal scheme, he had purchased the very day he offered to speak to my father, and the price of which he now desired me to fetch.
Could I have anticipated this treachery? Could I by any chance have suspected it? Nay so far from that, I offered with the greatest pleasure to go at once, in my satisfaction at the good bargain that had been made. That night I spoke with Luscinda, and told her what had been agreed upon with Don Fernando, and how I had strong hopes of our fair and reasonable wishes being realised.
She, as unsuspicious as I was of the treachery of Don Fernando, bade me try to return speedily, as she believed the fulfilment of our desires would be delayed only so long as my father put off speaking to hers. I know not why it was that on saying this to me her eyes filled with tears, and there came a lump in her throat that prevented her from uttering a word of many more that it seemed to me she was striving to say to me.
But the night before the unhappy day of my departure she wept, she moaned, she sighed, and she withdrew leaving me filled with perplexity and amazement, overwhelmed at the sight of such strange and affecting signs of grief and sorrow in Luscinda but not to dash my hopes I ascribed it all to the depth of her love for me and the pain that separation gives those who love tenderly.
'I reached the place whither I had been sent, gave the letter to Don Fernando's brother, and was kindly received but not promptly dismissed, for he desired me to wait, very much against my will, eight days in some place where the duke his father was not likely to see me, as his brother wrote that the money was to be sent without his knowledge all of which was a scheme of the treacherous Don Fernando, for his brother had no want of money to enable him to despatch me at once.
'The command was one that exposed me to the temptation of disobeying it, as it seemed to me impossible to endure life for so many days separated from Luscinda, especially after leaving her in the sorrowful mood I have described to you nevertheless as a dutiful servant I obeyed, though I felt it would be at the cost of my wellbeing.
But four days later there came a man in quest of me with a letter which he gave me, and which by the address I perceived to be from Luscinda, as the writing was hers. I opened it with fear and trepidation, persuaded that it must be something serious that had impelled her to write to me when at a distance, as she seldom did so when I was near.
I have to tell you, seor, that he has demanded me for a wife, and my father, led away by what he considers Don Fernando's superiority over you, has favoured his suit so cordially, that in two days hence the betrothal is to take place with such secrecy and so privately that the only witnesses are to be the Heavens above and a few of the household.
Picture to yourself the state I am in judge if it be urgent for you to come the issue of the affair will show you whether I love you or not. God grant this may come to your hand before mine shall be forced to link itself with his who keeps so ill the faith that he has pledged.
'Such, in brief, were the words of the letter, words that made me set out at once without waiting any longer for reply or money for I now saw clearly that it was not the purchase of horses but of his own pleasure that had made Don Fernando send me to his brother.
The exasperation I felt against Don Fernando, joined with the fear of losing the prize I had won by so many years of love and devotion, lent me wings so that almost flying I reached home the same day, by the hour which served for speaking with Luscinda. I arrived unobserved, and left the mule on which I had come at the house of the worthy man who had brought me the letter, and fortune was pleased to be for once so kind that I found Luscinda at the grating that was the witness of our loves.
To proceed as soon as Luscinda saw me she said, 'Cardenio, I am in my bridal dress, and the treacherous Don Fernando and my covetous father are waiting for me in the hall with the other witnesses, who shall be the witnesses of my death before they witness my betrothal.
Who could describe the agitation of heart I suffered as I stood therethe thoughts that came to methe reflections that passed through my mind? They were such as cannot be, nor were it well they should be, told. Suffice it to say that the bridegroom entered the hall in his usual dress, without ornament of any kind as groomsman he had with him a cousin of Luscinda's and except the servants of the house there was no one else in the chamber.
My anxiety and distraction did not allow me to observe or notice particularly what she wore I could only perceive the colours, which were crimson and white, and the glitter of the gems and jewels on her head dress and apparel, surpassed by the rare beauty of her lovely auburn hair that vying with the precious stones and the light of the four torches that stood in the hall shone with a brighter gleam than all.
Oh memory, mortal foe of my peace! why bring before me now the incomparable beauty of that adored enemy of mine? Were it not better, cruel memory, to remind me and recall what she then did, that stirred by a wrong so glaring I may seek, if not vengeance now, at least to rid myself of life?
Be not weary, sirs, of listening to these digressions my sorrow is not one of those that can or should be told tersely and briefly, for to me each incident seems to call for many words. To this the curate replied that not only were they not weary of listening to him, but that the details he mentioned interested them greatly, being of a kind by no means to be omitted and deserving of the same attention as the main story.
'To proceed, then, continued Cardenio 'all being assembled in the hall, the priest of the parish came in and as he took the pair by the hand to perform the requisite ceremony, at the words, 'Will you, Seora Luscinda, take Seor Don Fernando, here present, for your lawful husband, as the holy Mother Church ordains?' I thrust my head and neck out from between the tapestries, and with eager ears and throbbing heart set myself to listen to Luscinda's answer, awaiting in her reply the sentence of death or the grant of life.
Oh, that I had but dared at that moment to rush forward crying aloud, 'Luscinda, Luscinda! have a care what thou dost remember what thou owest me bethink thee thou art mine and canst not be another's reflect that thy utterance of 'Yes and the end of my life will come at the same instant.
now that I am far away, and out of danger, I say I should have done what I did not do now that I have allowed my precious treasure to be robbed from me, I curse the robber, on whom I might have taken vengeance had I as much heart for it as I have for bewailing my fate in short, as I was then a coward and a fool, little wonder is it if I am now dying shamestricken, remorseful, and mad.
'The priest stood waiting for the answer of Luscinda, who for a long time withheld it and just as I thought she was taking out the dagger to save her honour, or struggling for words to make some declaration of the truth on my behalf, I heard her say in a faint and feeble voice, 'I will' Don Fernando said the same, and giving her the ring they stood linked by a knot that could never be loosed.
It only remains now for me to tell you the state I was in when in that consent that I heard I saw all my hopes mocked, the words and promises of Luscinda proved falsehoods, and the recovery of the prize I had that instant lost rendered impossible for ever.
I stood stupefied, wholly abandoned, it seemed, by Heaven, declared the enemy of the earth that bore me, the air refusing me breath for my sighs, the water moisture for my tears it was only the fire that gathered strength so that my whole frame glowed with rage and jealousy.
They were all thrown into confusion by Luscinda's fainting, and as her mother was unlacing her to give her air a sealed paper was discovered in her bosom which Don Fernando seized at once and began to read by the light of one of the torches. As soon as he had read it he seated himself in a chair, leaning his cheek on his hand in the attitude of one deep in thought, without taking any part in the efforts that were being made to recover his bride from her fainting fit.
'Seeing all the household in confusion, I ventured to come out regardless whether I were seen or not, and determined, if I were, to do some frenzied deed that would prove to all the world the righteous indignation of my breast in the punishment of the treacherous Don Fernando, and even in that of the fickle fainting traitress.
And yet, in the midst of this outburst of execration and upbraiding, I found excuses for her, saying it was no wonder that a young girl in the seclusion of her parents' house, trained and schooled to obey them always, should have been ready to yield to their wishes when they offered her for a husband a gentleman of such distinction, wealth, and noble birth, that if she had refused to accept him she would have been thought out of her senses, or to have set her affection elsewhere, a suspicion injurious to her fair name and fame.
'Thus soliloquising and agitated, I journeyed onward for the remainder of the night, and by daybreak I reached one of the passes of these mountains, among which I wandered for three days more without taking any path or road, until I came to some meadows lying on I know not which side of the mountains, and there I inquired of some herdsmen in what direction the most rugged part of the range lay.
They told me that it was in this quarter, and I at once directed my course hither, intending to end my life here but as I was making my way among these crags, my mule dropped dead through fatigue and hunger, or, as I think more likely, in order to have done with such a worthless burden as it bore in me.
Most commonly my dwelling is the hollow of a cork tree large enough to shelter this miserable body the herdsmen and goatherds who frequent these mountains, moved by compassion, furnish me with food, leaving it by the wayside or on the rocks, where they think I may perhaps pass and find it and so, even though I may be then out of my senses, the wants of nature teach me what is required to sustain me, and make me crave it and eager to take it.
'Such, sirs, is the dismal story of my misfortune say if it be one that can be told with less emotion than you have seen in me and do not trouble yourselves with urging or pressing upon me what reason suggests as likely to serve for my relief, for it will avail me as much as the medicine prescribed by a wise physician avails the sick man who will not take it.
She by her fickleness strove to make my ruin irretrievable I will strive to gratify her wishes by seeking destruction and it will show generations to come that I alone was deprived of that of which all others in misfortune have a superabundance, for to them the impossibility of being consoled is itself a consolation, while to me it is the cause of greater sorrows and sufferings, for I think that even in death there will not be an end of them.
Here Cardenio brought to a close his long discourse and story, as full of misfortune as it was of love but just as the curate was going to address some words of comfort to him, he was stopped by a voice that reached his ear, saying in melancholy tones what will be told in the Fourth Part of this narrative for at this point the sage and sagacious historian, Cid Hamete Benengeli, brought the Third to a conclusion.
how much more grateful to my mind will be the society of these rocks and brakes that permit me to complain of my misfortune to Heaven, than that of any human being, for there is none on earth to look to for counsel in doubt, comfort in sorrow, or relief in distress!
All this was heard distinctly by the curate and those with him, and as it seemed to them to be uttered close by, as indeed it was, they got up to look for the speaker, and before they had gone twenty paces they discovered behind a rock, seated at the foot of an ash tree, a youth in the dress of a peasant, whose face they were unable at the moment to see as he was leaning forward, bathing his feet in the brook that flowed past.
The whiteness and beauty of these feet struck them with surprise, for they did not seem to have been made to crush clods or to follow the plough and the oxen as their owner's dress suggested and so, finding they had not been noticed, the curate, who was in front, made a sign to the other two to conceal themselves behind some fragments of rock that lay there which they did, observing closely what the youth was about.
He had on a loose doubleskirted dark brown jacket bound tight to his body with a white cloth he wore besides breeches and gaiters of brown cloth, and on his head a brown montera and he had the gaiters turned up as far as the middle of the leg, which verily seemed to be of pure alabaster.
As soon as he had done bathing his beautiful feet, he wiped them with a towel he took from under the montera, on taking off which he raised his face, and those who were watching him had an opportunity of seeing a beauty so exquisite that Cardenio said to the curate in a whisper 'As this is not Luscinda, it is no human creature but a divine being.
The youth then took off the montera, and shaking his head from side to side there broke loose and spread out a mass of hair that the beams of the sun might have envied by this they knew that what had seemed a peasant was a lovely woman, nay the most beautiful the eyes of two of them had ever beheld, or even Cardenio's if they had not seen and known Luscinda, for he afterwards declared that only the beauty of Luscinda could compare with this.
She now used her hands as a comb, and if her feet had seemed like bits of crystal in the water, her hands looked like pieces of driven snow among her locks all which increased not only the admiration of the three beholders, but their anxiety to learn who she was.
This being so, I say I thank you, sirs, for the offer you have made me, which places me under the obligation of complying with the request you have made of me though I fear the account I shall give you of my misfortunes will excite in you as much concern as compassion, for you will be unable to suggest anything to remedy them or any consolation to alleviate them.
However, that my honour may not be left a matter of doubt in your minds, now that you have discovered me to be a woman, and see that I am young, alone, and in this dress, things that taken together or separately would be enough to destroy any good name, I feel bound to tell what I would willingly keep secret if I could.
My parents are this lord's vassals, lowly in origin, but so wealthy that if birth had conferred as much on them as fortune, they would have had nothing left to desire, nor should I have had reason to fear trouble like that in which I find myself now for it may be that my ill fortune came of theirs in not having been nobly born.
They are, in short, peasants, plain homely people, without any taint of disreputable blood, and, as the saying is, old rusty Christians, but so rich that by their wealth and freehanded way of life they are coming by degrees to be considered gentlefolk by birth, and even by position though the wealth and nobility they thought most of was having me for their daughter and as they have no other child to make their heir, and are affectionate parents, I was one of the most indulged daughters that ever parents indulged.
'I was the mirror in which they beheld themselves, the staff of their old age, and the object in which, with submission to Heaven, all their wishes centred, and mine were in accordance with theirs, for I knew their worth and as I was mistress of their hearts, so was I also of their possessions.
Through me they engaged or dismissed their servants through my hands passed the accounts and returns of what was sown and reaped the oilmills, the winepresses, the count of the flocks and herds, the beehives, all in short that a rich farmer like my father has or can have, I had under my care, and I acted as steward and mistress with an assiduity on my part and satisfaction on theirs that I cannot well describe to you.
The leisure hours left to me after I had given the requisite orders to the headshepherds, overseers, and other labourers, I passed in such employments as are not only allowable but necessary for young girls, those that the needle, embroidery cushion, and spinning wheel usually afford, and if to refresh my mind I quitted them for a while, I found recreation in reading some devotional book or playing the harp, for experience taught me that music soothes the troubled mind and relieves weariness of spirit.
Such was the life I led in my parents' house and if I have depicted it thus minutely, it is not out of ostentation, or to let you know that I am rich, but that you may see how, without any fault of mine, I have fallen from the happy condition I have described, to the misery I am in at present.
The moment the speaker mentioned the name of Don Fernando, Cardenio changed colour and broke into a sweat, with such signs of emotion that the curate and the barber, who observed it, feared that one of the mad fits which they heard attacked him sometimes was coming upon him but Cardenio showed no further agitation and remained quiet, regarding the peasant girl with fixed attention, for he began to suspect who she was.
She, however, without noticing the excitement of Cardenio, continuing her story, went on to say 'And they had hardly discovered me, when, as he owned afterwards, he was smitten with a violent love for me, as the manner in which it displayed itself plainly showed. But to shorten the long recital of my woes, I will pass over in silence all the artifices employed by Don Fernando for declaring his passion for me.
'All this caution of mine, which he must have taken for coyness, had apparently the effect of increasing his wanton appetitefor that is the name I give to his passion for me had it been what he declared it to be, you would not know of it now, because there would have been no occasion to tell you of it.
One night, as I was in my chamber with no other companion than a damsel who waited on me, with the doors carefully locked lest my honour should be imperilled through any carelessness, I know not nor can conceive how it happened, but, with all this seclusion and these precautions, and in the solitude and silence of my retirement, I found him standing before me, a vision that so astounded me that it deprived my eyes of sight, and my tongue of speech.
I had no power to utter a cry, nor, I think, did he give me time to utter one, as he immediately approached me, and taking me in his arms (for, overwhelmed as I was, I was powerless, I say, to help myself), he began to make such professions to me that I know not how falsehood could have had the power of dressing them up to seem so like truth and the traitor contrived that his tears should vouch for his words, and his sighs for his sincerity.
Dorothea was struck by Cardenio's words as well as by his strange and miserable attire, and begged him if he knew anything concerning her to tell it to her at once, for if fortune had left her any blessing it was courage to bear whatever calamity might fall upon her, as she felt sure that none could reach her capable of increasing in any degree what she endured already.
At the same time I argued the matter briefly in my own mind, saying to myself, 'I shall not be the first who has risen through marriage from a lowly to a lofty station, nor will Don Fernando be the first whom beauty or, as is more likely, a blind attachment, has led to mate himself below his rank.
I called my waitingmaid to me, that there might be a witness on earth besides those in Heaven, and again Don Fernando renewed and repeated his oaths, invoked as witnesses fresh saints in addition to the former ones, called down upon himself a thousand curses hereafter should he fail to keep his promise, shed more tears, redoubled his sighs and pressed me closer in his arms, from which he had never allowed me to escape and so I was left by my maid, and ceased to be one, and he became a traitor and a perjured man.
I say so because Don Fernando made all haste to leave me, and by the adroitness of my maid, who was indeed the one who had admitted him, gained the street before daybreak but on taking leave of me he told me, though not with as much earnestness and fervour as when he came, that I might rest assured of his faith and of the sanctity and sincerity of his oaths and to confirm his words he drew a rich ring off his finger and placed it upon mine.
He then took his departure and I was left, I know not whether sorrowful or happy all I can say is, I was left agitated and troubled in mind and almost bewildered by what had taken place, and I had not the spirit, or else it did not occur to me, to chide my maid for the treachery she had been guilty of in concealing Don Fernando in my chamber for as yet I was unable to make up my mind whether what had befallen me was for good or evil.
I told Don Fernando at parting, that as I was now his, he might see me on other nights in the same way, until it should be his pleasure to let the matter become known but, except the following night, he came no more, nor for more than a month could I catch a glimpse of him in the street or in church, while I wearied myself with watching for one although I knew he was in the town, and almost every day went out hunting, a pastime he was very fond of.
I remember well how sad and dreary those days and hours were to me I remember well how I began to doubt as they went by, and even to lose confidence in the faith of Don Fernando and I remember, too, how my maid heard those words in reproof of her audacity that she had not heard before, and how I was forced to put a constraint on my tears and on the expression of my countenance, not to give my parents cause to ask me why I was so melancholy, and drive me to invent falsehoods in reply.
The reason was, that a few days later it was reported in the town that Don Fernando had been married in a neighbouring city to a maiden of rare beauty, the daughter of parents of distinguished position, though not so rich that her portion would entitle her to look for so brilliant a match it was said, too, that her name was Luscinda, and that at the betrothal some strange things had happened.
I at once packed up in a linen pillowcase a woman's dress, and some jewels and money to provide for emergencies, and in the silence of the night, without letting my treacherous maid know, I sallied forth from the house, accompanied by my servant and abundant anxieties, and on foot set out for the city, but borne as it were on wings by my eagerness to reach it, if not to prevent what I presumed to be already done, at least to call upon Don Fernando to tell me with what conscience he had done it.
The first person I asked gave me more in reply than I sought to know he showed me the house, and told me all that had occurred at the betrothal of the daughter of the family, an affair of such notoriety in the city that it was the talk of every knot of idlers in the street.
On seeing this, Don Fernando, persuaded that Luscinda had befooled, slighted, and trifled with him, assailed her before she had recovered from her swoon, and tried to stab her with the dagger that had been found, and would have succeeded had not her parents and those who were present prevented him.
I learned besides that Cardenio, according to report, had been present at the betrothal and that upon seeing her betrothed contrary to his expectation, he had quitted the city in despair, leaving behind him a letter declaring the wrong Luscinda had done him, and his intention of going where no one should ever see him again.
All this was a matter of notoriety in the city, and everyone spoke of it especially when it became known that Luscinda was missing from her father's house and from the city, for she was not to be found anywhere, to the distraction of her parents, who knew not what steps to take to recover her.
What I learned revived my hopes, and I was better pleased not to have found Don Fernando than to find him married, for it seemed to me that the door was not yet entirely shut upon relief in my case, and I thought that perhaps Heaven had put this impediment in the way of the second marriage, to lead him to recognise his obligations under the former one, and reflect that as a Christian he was bound to consider his soul above all human objects.
'But just Heaven, that seldom fails to watch over and aid good intentions, so aided mine that with my slight strength and with little exertion I pushed him over a precipice, where I left him, whether dead or alive I know not and then, with greater speed than seemed possible in my terror and fatigue, I made my way into the mountains, without any other thought or purpose save that of hiding myself among them, and escaping my father and those despatched in search of me by his orders.
It is now I know not how many months since with this object I came here, where I met a herdsman who engaged me as his servant at a place in the heart of this Sierra, and all this time I have been serving him as herd, striving to keep always afield to hide these locks which have now unexpectedly betrayed me.
But all my care and pains were unavailing, for my master made the discovery that I was not a man, and harboured the same base designs as my servant and as fortune does not always supply a remedy in cases of difficulty, and I had no precipice or ravine at hand down which to fling the master and cure his passion, as I had in the servant's case, I thought it a lesser evil to leave him and again conceal myself among these crags, than make trial of my strength and argument with him.
So, as I say, once more I went into hiding to seek for some place where I might with sighs and tears implore Heaven to have pity on my misery, and grant me help and strength to escape from it, or let me die among the solitudes, leaving no trace of an unhappy being who, by no fault of hers, has furnished matter for talk and scandal at home and abroad.
'Such, sirs, is the true story of my sad adventures judge for yourselves now whether the sighs and lamentations you heard, and the tears that flowed from my eyes, had not sufficient cause even if I had indulged in them more freely and if you consider the nature of my misfortune you will see that consolation is idle, as there is no possible remedy for it.
With these words she became silent, and the colour that overspread her face showed plainly the pain and shame she was suffering at heart. In theirs the listeners felt as much pity as wonder at her misfortunes but as the curate was just about to offer her some consolation and advice Cardenio forestalled him, saying, 'So then, seora, you are the fair Dorothea, the only daughter of the rich Clenardo?
Dorothea was astonished at hearing her father's name, and at the miserable appearance of him who mentioned it, for it has been already said how wretchedly clad Cardenio was so she said to him 'And who may you be, brother, who seem to know my father's name so well? For so far, if I remember rightly, I have not mentioned it in the whole story of my misfortunes.
'I am that unhappy being, seora, replied Cardenio, 'whom, as you have said, Luscinda declared to be her husband I am the unfortunate Cardenio, whom the wrongdoing of him who has brought you to your present condition has reduced to the state you see me in, bare, ragged, bereft of all human comfort, and what is worse, of reason, for I only possess it when Heaven is pleased for some short space to restore it to me.
Cardenio's words completed the astonishment of Dorothea, and not knowing how to return thanks for such an offer, she attempted to kiss his feet but Cardenio would not permit it, and the licentiate replied for both, commended the sound reasoning of Cardenio, and lastly, begged, advised, and urged them to come with him to his village, where they might furnish themselves with what they needed, and take measures to discover Don Fernando, or restore Dorothea to her parents, or do what seemed to them most advisable.
Cardenio and Dorothea thanked him, and accepted the kind offer he made them and the barber, who had been listening to all attentively and in silence, on his part some kindly words also, and with no less goodwill than the curate offered his services in any way that might be of use to them.
He also explained to them in a few words the object that had brought them there, and the strange nature of Don Quixote's madness, and how they were waiting for his squire, who had gone in search of him. Like the recollection of a dream, the quarrel he had had with Don Quixote came back to Cardenio's memory, and he described it to the others but he was unable to say what the dispute was about.
He then told Cardenio and Dorothea what they had proposed to do to cure Don Quixote, or at any rate take him home upon which Dorothea said that she could play the distressed damsel better than the barber especially as she had there the dress in which to do it to the life, and that they might trust to her acting the part in every particular requisite for carrying out their scheme, for she had read a great many books of chivalry, and knew exactly the style in which afflicted damsels begged boons of knightserrant.
'In that case, said the curate, 'there is nothing more required than to set about it at once, for beyond a doubt fortune is declaring itself in our favour, since it has so unexpectedly begun to open a door for your relief, and smoothed the way for us to our object.
Dorothea then took out of her pillowcase a complete petticoat of some rich stuff, and a green mantle of some other fine material, and a necklace and other ornaments out of a little box, and with these in an instant she so arrayed herself that she looked like a great and rich lady.
All this, and more, she said, she had taken from home in case of need, but that until then she had had no occasion to make use of it. They were all highly delighted with her grace, air, and beauty, and declared Don Fernando to be a man of very little taste when he rejected such charms.
But the one who admired her most was Sancho Panza, for it seemed to him (what indeed was true) that in all the days of his life he had never seen such a lovely creature and he asked the curate with great eagerness who this beautiful lady was, and what she wanted in these outoftheway quarters.
'This fair lady, brother Sancho, replied the curate, 'is no less a personage than the heiress in the direct male line of the great kingdom of Micomicon, who has come in search of your master to beg a boon of him, which is that he redress a wrong or injury that a wicked giant has done her and from the fame as a good knight which your master has acquired far and wide, this princess has come from Guinea to seek him.
said Sancho Panza at this 'especially if my master has the good fortune to redress that injury, and right that wrong, and kill that son of a bitch of a giant your worship speaks of as kill him he will if he meets him, unless, indeed, he happens to be a phantom for my master has no power at all against phantoms.
'There's no doubt of that, replied Sancho, 'for I have known many to take their name and title from the place where they were born and call themselves Pedro of Alcal, Juan of beda, and Diego of Valladolid and it may be that over there in Guinea queens have the same way of taking the names of their kingdoms.
'So it may, said the curate 'and as for your master's marrying, I will do all in my power towards it with which Sancho was as much pleased as the curate was amazed at his simplicity and at seeing what a hold the absurdities of his master had taken of his fancy, for he had evidently persuaded himself that he was going to be an emperor.
'I will not answer a word, beauteous lady, replied Don Quixote, 'nor will I listen to anything further concerning you, until you rise from the earth. 'I will not rise, seor, answered the afflicted damsel, 'unless of your courtesy the boon I ask is first granted me. 'I grant and accord it, said Don Quixote, 'provided without detriment or prejudice to my king, my country, or her who holds the key of my heart and freedom, it may be complied with.
'It will not be to the detriment or prejudice of any of them, my worthy lord, said the afflicted damsel and here Sancho Panza drew close to his master's ear and said to him very softly, 'Your worship may very safely grant the boon she asks it's nothing at all only to kill a big giant and she who asks it is the exalted Princess Micomicona, queen of the great kingdom of Micomicon of Ethiopia.
'Let her be who she may, replied Don Quixote, 'I will do what is my bounden duty, and what my conscience bids me, in conformity with what I have professed and turning to the damsel he said, 'Let your great beauty rise, for I grant the boon which you would ask of me.
'Then what I ask, said the damsel, 'is that your magnanimous person accompany me at once whither I will conduct you, and that you promise not to engage in any other adventure or quest until you have avenged me of a traitor who against all human and divine law, has usurped my kingdom.
'I repeat that I grant it, replied Don Quixote 'and so, lady, you may from this day forth lay aside the melancholy that distresses you, and let your failing hopes gather new life and strength, for with the help of God and of my arm you will soon see yourself restored to your kingdom, and seated upon the throne of your ancient and mighty realm, notwithstanding and despite of the felons who would gainsay it and now hands to the work, for in delay there is apt to be danger.
The distressed damsel strove with much pertinacity to kiss his hands but Don Quixote, who was in all things a polished and courteous knight, would by no means allow it, but made her rise and embraced her with great courtesy and politeness, and ordered Sancho to look to Rocinante's girths, and to arm him without a moment's delay.
Sancho took down the armour, which was hung up on a tree like a trophy, and having seen to the girths armed his master in a trice, who as soon as he found himself in his armour exclaimed 'Let us be gone in the name of God to bring aid to this great lady.
The barber was all this time on his knees at great pains to hide his laughter and not let his beard fall, for had it fallen maybe their fine scheme would have come to nothing but now seeing the boon granted, and the promptitude with which Don Quixote prepared to set out in compliance with it, he rose and took his lady's hand, and between them they placed her upon the mule.
Don Quixote then mounted Rocinante, and the barber settled himself on his beast, Sancho being left to go on foot, which made him feel anew the loss of his Dapple, finding the want of him now. But he bore all with cheerfulness, being persuaded that his master had now fairly started and was just on the point of becoming an emperor for he felt no doubt at all that he would marry this princess, and be king of Micomicon at least.
The only thing that troubled him was the reflection that this kingdom was in the land of the blacks, and that the people they would give him for vassals would be all black but for this he soon found a remedy in his fancy, and said he to himself, 'What is it to me if my vassals are blacks?
What more have I to do than make a cargo of them and carry them to Spain, where I can sell them and get ready money for them, and with it buy some title or some office in which to live at ease all the days of my life? Not unless you go to sleep and haven't the wit or skill to turn things to account and sell three, six, or ten thousand vassals while you would be talking about it!
By God I will stir them up, big and little, or as best I can, and let them be ever so black I'll turn them into white or yellow. Come, come, what a fool I am! And so he jogged on, so occupied with his thoughts and easy in his mind that he forgot all about the hardship of travelling on foot.
They then posted themselves on the level ground at the outlet of the Sierra, and as soon as Don Quixote and his companions emerged from it the curate began to examine him very deliberately, as though he were striving to recognise him, and after having stared at him for some time he hastened towards him with open arms exclaiming, 'A happy meeting with the mirror of chivalry, my worthy compatriot Don Quixote of La Mancha, the flower and cream of high breeding, the protection and relief of the distressed, the quintessence of knightserrant!
And so saying he clasped in his arms the knee of Don Quixote's left leg. He, astonished at the stranger's words and behaviour, looked at him attentively, and at length recognised him, very much surprised to see him there, and made great efforts to dismount. This, however, the curate would not allow, on which Don Quixote said, 'Permit me, seor licentiate, for it is not fitting that I should be on horseback and so reverend a person as your worship on foot.
'Nor even that will I consent to, seor licentiate, answered Don Quixote, 'and I know it will be the good pleasure of my lady the princess, out of love for me, to order her squire to give up the saddle of his mule to your worship, and he can sit behind if the beast will bear it.
'That he is, said the barber, and at once alighting, he offered his saddle to the curate, who accepted it without much entreaty but unfortunately as the barber was mounting behind, the mule, being as it happened a hired one, which is the same thing as saying illconditioned, lifted its hind hoofs and let fly a couple of kicks in the air, which would have made Master Nicholas wish his expedition in quest of Don Quixote at the devil had they caught him on the breast or head.
As it was, they so took him by surprise that he came to the ground, giving so little heed to his beard that it fell off, and all he could do when he found himself without it was to cover his face hastily with both his hands and moan that his teeth were knocked out.
Don Quixote when he saw all that bundle of beard detached, without jaws or blood, from the face of the fallen squire, exclaimed 'By the living God, but this is a great miracle! it has knocked off and plucked away the beard from his face as if it had been shaved off designedly.
'And so it is, said the curate, and he promised to teach it to him on the first opportunity. They then agreed that for the present the curate should mount, and that the three should ride by turns until they reached the inn, which might be about six leagues from where they were.
Three then being mounted, that is to say, Don Quixote, the princess, and the curate, and three on foot, Cardenio, the barber, and Sancho Panza, Don Quixote said to the damsel 'Let your highness, lady, lead on whithersoever is most pleasing to you but before she could answer the licentiate said 'Towards what kingdom would your ladyship direct our course?
'In that case, said the curate, 'we must pass right through my village, and there your worship will take the road to Cartagena, where you will be able to embark, fortune favouring and if the wind be fair and the sea smooth and tranquil, in somewhat less than nine years you may come in sight of the great lake Meona, I mean Meotides, which is little more than a hundred days' journey this side of your highness's kingdom.
'Your worship is mistaken, seor, said she 'for it is not two years since I set out from it, and though I never had good weather, nevertheless I am here to behold what I so longed for, and that is my lord Don Quixote of La Mancha, whose fame came to my ears as soon as I set foot in Spain and impelled me to go in search of him, to commend myself to his courtesy, and entrust the justice of my cause to the might of his invincible arm.
I will only say, seora, that whether it has might or not, that which it may or may not have shall be devoted to your service even to death and now, leaving this to its proper season, I would ask the seor licentiate to tell me what it is that has brought him into these parts, alone, unattended, and so lightly clad that I am filled with amazement.
He has defrauded justice, and opposed his king and lawful master, for he opposed his just commands he has, I say, robbed the galleys of their feet, stirred up the Holy Brotherhood which for many years past has been quiet, and, lastly, has done a deed by which his soul may be lost without any gain to his body.
Sancho had told the curate and the barber of the adventure of the galley slaves, which, so much to his glory, his master had achieved, and hence the curate in alluding to it made the most of it to see what would be said or done by Don Quixote who changed colour at every word, not daring to say that it was he who had been the liberator of those worthy people.
The curate had hardly ceased speaking, when Sancho said, 'In faith, then, seor licentiate, he who did that deed was my master and it was not for want of my telling him beforehand and warning him to mind what he was about, and that it was a sin to set them at liberty, as they were all on the march there because they were special scoundrels.
'Blockhead! said Don Quixote at this, 'it is no business or concern of knightserrant to inquire whether any persons in affliction, in chains, or oppressed that they may meet on the high roads go that way and suffer as they do because of their faults or because of their misfortunes.
'I will hold my peace, seora, said Don Quixote, 'and I will curb the natural anger that had arisen in my breast, and will proceed in peace and quietness until I have fulfilled my promise but in return for this consideration I entreat you to tell me, if you have no objection to do so, what is the nature of your trouble, and how many, who, and what are the persons of whom I am to require due satisfaction, and on whom I am to take vengeance on your behalf?
As soon as she said this, Cardenio and the barber drew close to her side, eager to hear what sort of story the quickwitted Dorothea would invent for herself and Sancho did the same, for he was as much taken in by her as his master and she having settled herself comfortably in the saddle, and with the help of coughing and other preliminaries taken time to think, began with great sprightliness of manner in this fashion.
The king my father, who was called Tinacrio the Sapient, was very learned in what they call magic arts, and became aware by his craft that my mother, who was called Queen Jaramilla, was to die before he did, and that soon after he too was to depart this life, and I was to be left an orphan without father or mother.
''Don Quixote,' he must have said, seora, observed Sancho at this, 'otherwise called the Knight of the Rueful Countenance. 'That is it, said Dorothea 'he said, moreover, that he would be tall of stature and lank featured and that on his right side under the left shoulder, or thereabouts, he would have a grey mole with hairs like bristles.
On hearing this, Don Quixote said to his squire, 'Here, Sancho my son, bear a hand and help me to strip, for I want to see if I am the knight that sage king foretold. 'What does your worship want to strip for? said Dorothea. 'To see if I have that mole your father spoke of, answered Don Quixote.
'But how did you land at Osuna, seora, asked Don Quixote, 'when it is not a seaport? But before Dorothea could reply the curate anticipated her, saying, 'The princess meant to say that after she had landed at Malaga the first place where she heard of your worship was Osuna.
'What thinkest thou now, friend Sancho? said Don Quixote at this. 'Hearest thou that? Did I not tell thee so? See how we have already got a kingdom to govern and a queen to marry! 'On my oath it is so, said Sancho 'and foul fortune to him who won't marry after slitting Seor Pandahilado's windpipe!
And so saying he cut a couple of capers in the air with every sign of extreme satisfaction, and then ran to seize the bridle of Dorothea's mule, and checking it fell on his knees before her, begging her to give him her hand to kiss in token of his acknowledgment of her as his queen and mistress.
Which of the bystanders could have helped laughing to see the madness of the master and the simplicity of the servant? Dorothea therefore gave her hand, and promised to make him a great lord in her kingdom, when Heaven should be so good as to permit her to recover and enjoy it, for which Sancho returned thanks in words that set them all laughing again.
The last words of his master about not wanting to marry were so disagreeable to Sancho that raising his voice he exclaimed with great irritation 'By my oath, Seor Don Quixote, you are not in your right senses for how can your worship possibly object to marrying such an exalted princess as this?
Do you think Fortune will offer you behind every stone such a piece of luck as is offered you now? Is my lady Dulcinea fairer, perchance? Not she nor half as fair and I will even go so far as to say she does not come up to the shoe of this one here.
A poor chance I have of getting that county I am waiting for if your worship goes looking for dainties in the bottom of the sea. In the devil's name, marry, marry, and take this kingdom that comes to hand without any trouble, and when you are king make me a marquis or governor of a province, and for the rest let the devil take it all.
Don Quixote, when he heard such blasphemies uttered against his lady Dulcinea, could not endure it, and lifting his pike, without saying anything to Sancho or uttering a word, he gave him two such thwacks that he brought him to the ground and had it not been that Dorothea cried out to him to spare him he would have no doubt taken his life on the spot.
'Do you think, he said to him after a pause, 'you scurvy clown, that you are to be always interfering with me, and that you are to be always offending and I always pardoning? Don't fancy it, impious scoundrel, for that beyond a doubt thou art, since thou hast set thy tongue going against the peerless Dulcinea.
Know you not, lout, vagabond, beggar, that were it not for the might that she infuses into my arm I should not have strength enough to kill a flea? Say, scoffer with a viper's tongue, what think you has won this kingdom and cut off this giant's head and made you a marquis (for all this I count as already accomplished and decided), but the might of Dulcinea, employing my arm as the instrument of her achievements?
She fights in me and conquers in me, and I live and breathe in her, and owe my life and being to her. O whoreson scoundrel, how ungrateful you are, you see yourself raised from the dust of the earth to be a titled lord, and the return you make for so great a benefit is to speak evil of her who has conferred it upon you!
Sancho was not so stunned but that he heard all his master said, and rising with some degree of nimbleness he ran to place himself behind Dorothea's palfrey, and from that position he said to his master 'Tell me, seor if your worship is resolved not to marry this great princess, it is plain the kingdom will not be yours and not being so, how can you bestow favours upon me?
That is what I complain of. Let your worship at any rate marry this queen, now that we have got her here as if showered down from heaven, and afterwards you may go back to my lady Dulcinea for there must have been kings in the world who kept mistresses.
As to beauty, I have nothing to do with it and if the truth is to be told, I like them both though I have never seen the lady Dulcinea. 'How! never seen her, blasphemous traitor! exclaimed Don Quixote 'hast thou not just now brought me a message from her?
'I mean, said Sancho, 'that I did not see her so much at my leisure that I could take particular notice of her beauty, or of her charms piecemeal but taken in the lump I like her. 'Now I forgive thee, said Don Quixote 'and do thou forgive me the injury I have done thee for our first impulses are not in our control.
'That I see, replied Sancho, 'and with me the wish to speak is always the first impulse, and I cannot help saying, once at any rate, what I have on the tip of my tongue. 'For all that, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'take heed of what thou sayest, for the pitcher goes so often to the wellI need say no more to thee.
'That is enough, said Dorothea 'run, Sancho, and kiss your lord's hand and beg his pardon, and henceforward be more circumspect with your praise and abuse and say nothing in disparagement of that lady Toboso, of whom I know nothing save that I am her servant and put your trust in God, for you will not fail to obtain some dignity so as to live like a prince.
Sancho advanced hanging his head and begged his master's hand, which Don Quixote with dignity presented to him, giving him his blessing as soon as he had kissed it he then bade him go on ahead a little, as he had questions to ask him and matters of great importance to discuss with him.
Sancho obeyed, and when the two had gone some distance in advance Don Quixote said to him, 'Since thy return I have had no opportunity or time to ask thee many particulars touching thy mission and the answer thou hast brought back, and now that chance has granted us the time and opportunity, deny me not the happiness thou canst give me by such good news.
'I say it, he returned, 'because those blows just now were more because of the quarrel the devil stirred up between us both the other night, than for what I said against my lady Dulcinea, whom I love and reverence as I would a relicthough there is nothing of that about hermerely as something belonging to your worship.
Sancho saw him and recognised him, and the instant he did so he shouted to him, 'Ginesillo, you thief, give up my treasure, release my life, embarrass thyself not with my repose, quit my ass, leave my delight, be off, rip, get thee gone, thief, and give up what is not thine.
There was no necessity for so many words or objurgations, for at the first one Gines jumped down, and at a like racing speed made off and got clear of them all. Sancho hastened to his Dapple, and embracing him he said, 'How hast thou fared, my blessing, Dapple of my eyes, my comrade?
all the while kissing him and caressing him as if he were a human being. The ass held his peace, and let himself be kissed and caressed by Sancho without answering a single word. They all came up and congratulated him on having found Dapple, Don Quixote especially, who told him that notwithstanding this he would not cancel the order for the three asscolts, for which Sancho thanked him.
While the two had been going along conversing in this fashion, the curate observed to Dorothea that she had shown great cleverness, as well in the story itself as in its conciseness, and the resemblance it bore to those of the books of chivalry. She said that she had many times amused herself reading them but that she did not know the situation of the provinces or seaports, and so she had said at haphazard that she had landed at Osuna.
'So I saw, said the curate, 'and for that reason I made haste to say what I did, by which it was all set right. But is it not a strange thing to see how readily this unhappy gentleman believes all these figments and lies, simply because they are in the style and manner of the absurdities of his books?
'But another strange thing about it, said the curate, 'is that, apart from the silly things which this worthy gentleman says in connection with his craze, when other subjects are dealt with, he can discuss them in a perfectly rational manner, showing that his mind is quite clear and composed so that, provided his chivalry is not touched upon, no one would take him to be anything but a man of thoroughly sound understanding.
While they were holding this conversation Don Quixote continued his with Sancho, saying 'Friend Panza, let us forgive and forget as to our quarrels, and tell me now, dismissing anger and irritation, where, how, and when didst thou find Dulcinea? What was she doing? What didst thou say to her?
What did she answer? How did she look when she was reading my letter? Who copied it out for thee? and everything in the matter that seems to thee worth knowing, asking, and learning neither adding nor falsifying to give me pleasure, nor yet curtailing lest you should deprive me of it.
'It is as thou sayest, said Don Quixote, 'for the notebook in which I wrote it I found in my own possession two days after thy departure, which gave me very great vexation, as I knew not what thou wouldst do on finding thyself without any letter and I made sure thou wouldst return from the place where thou didst first miss it.
'So I should have done, said Sancho, 'if I had not got it by heart when your worship read it to me, so that I repeated it to a sacristan, who copied it out for me from hearing it, so exactly that he said in all the days of his life, though he had read many a letter of excommunication, he had never seen or read so pretty a letter as that.
'No, seor, replied Sancho, 'for as soon as I had repeated it, seeing there was no further use for it, I set about forgetting it and if I recollect any of it, it is that about 'Scrubbing,' I mean to say 'Sovereign Lady,' and the end 'Yours till death, the Knight of the Rueful Countenance' and between these two I put into it more than three hundred 'my souls' and 'my life's' and 'my eyes.
'All that is not unsatisfactory to me, said Don Quixote. 'Go on thou didst reach her and what was that queen of beauty doing? Surely thou didst find her stringing pearls, or embroidering some device in gold thread for this her enslaved knight. 'I did not, said Sancho, 'but I found her winnowing two bushels of wheat in the yard of her house.
'Then depend upon it, said Don Quixote, 'the grains of that wheat were pearls when touched by her hands and didst thou look, friend? was it white wheat or brown? 'It was neither, but red, said Sancho. 'Then I promise thee, said Don Quixote, 'that, winnowed by her hands, beyond a doubt the bread it made was of the whitest but go on when thou gavest her my letter, did she kiss it?
'When I went to give it to her, replied Sancho, 'she was hard at it swaying from side to side with a lot of wheat she had in the sieve, and she said to me, 'Lay the letter, friend, on the top of that sack, for I cannot read it until I have done sifting all this.
'Discreet lady! said Don Quixote 'that was in order to read it at her leisure and enjoy it proceed, Sancho while she was engaged in her occupation what converse did she hold with thee? What did she ask about me, and what answer didst thou give? Make haste tell me all, and let not an atom be left behind in the inkbottle.
'She asked me nothing, said Sancho 'but I told her how your worship was left doing penance in her service, naked from the waist up, in among these mountains like a savage, sleeping on the ground, not eating bread off a tablecloth nor combing your beard, weeping and cursing your fortune.
'In saying I cursed my fortune thou saidst wrong, said Don Quixote 'for rather do I bless it and shall bless it all the days of my life for having made me worthy of aspiring to love so lofty a lady as Dulcinea del Toboso. 'And so lofty she is, said Sancho, 'that she overtops me by more than a hand'sbreadth.
'What! Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'didst thou measure with her? 'I measured in this way, said Sancho 'going to help her to put a sack of wheat on the back of an ass, we came so close together that I could see she stood more than a good palm over me.
But one thing thou wilt not deny, Sancho when thou camest close to her didst thou not perceive a Saban odour, an aromatic fragrance, a, I know not what, delicious, that I cannot find a name for I mean a redolence, an exhalation, as if thou wert in the shop of some dainty glover?
'All I can say is, said Sancho, 'that I did perceive a little odour, something goaty it must have been that she was all in a sweat with hard work. 'It could not be that, said Don Quixote, 'but thou must have been suffering from cold in the head, or must have smelt thyself for I know well what would be the scent of that rose among thorns, that lily of the field, that dissolved amber.
'Maybe so, replied Sancho 'there often comes from myself that same odour which then seemed to me to come from her grace the lady Dulcinea but that's no wonder, for one devil is like another. 'Well then, continued Don Quixote, 'now she has done sifting the corn and sent it to the mill what did she do when she read the letter?
She laughed greatly when I told her how your worship was called The Knight of the Rueful Countenance I asked her if that Biscayan the other day had been there and she told me he had, and that he was an honest fellow I asked her too about the galley slaves, but she said she had not seen any as yet.
For it is a usual and ancient custom with knights and ladies errant to give the squires, damsels, or dwarfs who bring tidings of their ladies to the knights, or of their knights to the ladies, some rich jewel as a guerdon for good news, and acknowledgment of the message.
'That is very likely, said Sancho, 'and a good custom it was, to my mind but that must have been in days gone by, for now it would seem to be the custom only to give a piece of bread and cheese because that was what my lady Dulcinea gave me over the top of the yardwall when I took leave of her and more by token it was sheep'smilk cheese.
'She is generous in the extreme, said Don Quixote, 'and if she did not give thee a jewel of gold, no doubt it must have been because she had not one to hand there to give thee but sleeves are good after Easter I shall see her and all shall be made right.
From which I am inclined to think that the sage magician who is my friend, and watches over my interests (for of necessity there is and must be one, or else I should not be a right knighterrant), that this same, I say, must have helped thee to travel without thy knowledge for some of these sages will catch up a knighterrant sleeping in his bed, and without his knowing how or in what way it happened, he wakes up the next day more than a thousand leagues away from the place where he went to sleep.
And all this is done by the craft and skill of the sage enchanters who take care of those valiant knights so that, friend Sancho, I find no difficulty in believing that thou mayest have gone from this place to El Toboso and returned in such a short time, since, as I have said, some friendly sage must have carried thee through the air without thee perceiving it.
'That must have been it, said Sancho, 'for indeed Rocinante went like a gipsy's ass with quicksilver in his ears. 'Quicksilver! said Don Quixote, 'aye and what is more, a legion of devils, folk that can travel and make others travel without being weary, exactly as the whim seizes them.
'Tell me, seor, do you mean to travel all that way for nothing, and to let slip and lose so rich and great a match as this where they give as a portion a kingdom that in sober truth I have heard say is more than twenty thousand leagues round about, and abounds with all things necessary to support human life, and is bigger than Portugal and Castile put together?
Blush for what you have said, and take my advice, and forgive me, and marry at once in the first village where there is a curate if not, here is our licentiate who will do the business beautifully remember, I am old enough to give advice, and this I am giving comes pat to the purpose for a sparrow in the hand is better than a vulture on the wing, and he who has the good to his hand and chooses the bad, that the good he complains of may not come to him.
'That is plain speaking, said Sancho 'but let your worship take care to choose it on the seacoast, so that if I don't like the life, I may be able to ship off my black vassals and deal with them as I have said don't mind going to see my lady Dulcinea now, but go and kill this giant and let us finish off this business for by God it strikes me it will be one of great honour and great profit.
'I hold thou art in the right of it, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'and I will take thy advice as to accompanying the princess before going to see Dulcinea but I counsel thee not to say anything to anyone, or to those who are with us, about what we have considered and discussed, for as Dulcinea is so decorous that she does not wish her thoughts to be known it is not right that I or anyone for me should disclose them.
'Well then, if that be so, said Sancho, 'how is it that your worship makes all those you overcome by your arm go to present themselves before my lady Dulcinea, this being the same thing as signing your name to it that you love her and are her lover? And as those who go must perforce kneel before her and say they come from your worship to submit themselves to her, how can the thoughts of both of you be hid?
For thou must know that according to our way of thinking in chivalry, it is a high honour to a lady to have many knightserrant in her service, whose thoughts never go beyond serving her for her own sake, and who look for no other reward for their great and true devotion than that she should be willing to accept them as her knights.
'It is with that kind of love, said Sancho, 'I have heard preachers say we ought to love our Lord, for himself alone, without being moved by the hope of glory or the fear of punishment though for my part, I would rather love and serve him for what he could do.
'The devil take thee for a clown! said Don Quixote, 'and what shrewd things thou sayest at times! One would think thou hadst studied. 'In faith, then, I cannot even read. Master Nicholas here called out to them to wait a while, as they wanted to halt and drink at a little spring there was there.
Don Quixote drew up, not a little to the satisfaction of Sancho, for he was by this time weary of telling so many lies, and in dread of his master catching him tripping, for though he knew that Dulcinea was a peasant girl of El Toboso, he had never seen her in all his life.
Cardenio had now put on the clothes which Dorothea was wearing when they found her, and though they were not very good, they were far better than those he put off. They dismounted together by the side of the spring, and with what the curate had provided himself with at the inn they appeased, though not very well, the keen appetite they all of them brought with them.
While they were so employed there happened to come by a youth passing on his way, who stopping to examine the party at the spring, the next moment ran to Don Quixote and clasping him round the legs, began to weep freely, saying, 'O, seor, do you not know me?
He was, I say, tied to an oak, naked from the waist up, and a clown, whom I afterwards found to be his master, was scarifying him by lashes with the reins of his mare. As soon as I saw him I asked the reason of so cruel a flagellation.
The boor replied that he was flogging him because he was his servant and because of carelessness that proceeded rather from dishonesty than stupidity on which this boy said, 'Seor, he flogs me only because I ask for my wages.' The master made I know not what speeches and explanations, which, though I listened to them, I did not accept.
In short, I compelled the clown to unbind him, and to swear he would take him with him, and pay him real by real, and perfumed into the bargain. Is not all this true, Andres my son? Didst thou not mark with what authority I commanded him, and with what humility he promised to do all I enjoined, specified, and required of him?
Answer without hesitation tell these gentlemen what took place, that they may see that it is as great an advantage as I say to have knightserrant abroad. 'All that your worship has said is quite true, answered the lad 'but the end of the business turned out just the opposite of what your worship supposes.
'Not only did he not pay me, replied the lad, 'but as soon as your worship had passed out of the wood and we were alone, he tied me up again to the same oak and gave me a fresh flogging, that left me like a flayed Saint Bartholomew and every stroke he gave me he followed up with some jest or gibe about having made a fool of your worship, and but for the pain I was suffering I should have laughed at the things he said.
'The mischief, said Don Quixote, 'lay in my going away for I should not have gone until I had seen thee paid because I ought to have known well by long experience that there is no clown who will keep his word if he finds it will not suit him to keep it but thou rememberest, Andres, that I swore if he did not pay thee I would go and seek him, and find him though he were to hide himself in the whale's belly.
'That is true, said Andres 'but it was of no use. 'Thou shalt see now whether it is of use or not, said Don Quixote and so saying, he got up hastily and bade Sancho bridle Rocinante, who was browsing while they were eating. Dorothea asked him what he meant to do.
He replied that he meant to go in search of this clown and chastise him for such iniquitous conduct, and see Andres paid to the last maravedi, despite and in the teeth of all the clowns in the world. To which she replied that he must remember that in accordance with his promise he could not engage in any enterprise until he had concluded hers and that as he knew this better than anyone, he should restrain his ardour until his return from her kingdom.
'I have no faith in those oaths, said Andres 'I would rather have now something to help me to get to Seville than all the revenges in the world if you have here anything to eat that I can take with me, give it me, and God be with your worship and all knightserrant and may their errands turn out as well for themselves as they have for me.
'This share of bread and cheese I am giving you, answered Sancho 'and God knows whether I shall feel the want of it myself or not for I would have you know, friend, that we squires to knightserrant have to bear a great deal of hunger and hard fortune, and even other things more easily felt than told.
However, before leaving he said, 'For the love of God, sir knighterrant, if you ever meet me again, though you may see them cutting me to pieces, give me no aid or succour, but leave me to my misfortune, which will not be so great but that a greater will come to me by being helped by your worship, on whom and all the knightserrant that have ever been born God send his curse.
Don Quixote was getting up to chastise him, but he took to his heels at such a pace that no one attempted to follow him and mightily chapfallen was Don Quixote at Andres' story, and the others had to take great care to restrain their laughter so as not to put him entirely out of countenance.
The landlady, the landlord, their daughter, and Maritornes, when they saw Don Quixote and Sancho coming, went out to welcome them with signs of hearty satisfaction, which Don Quixote received with dignity and gravity, and bade them make up a better bed for him than the last time to which the landlady replied that if he paid better than he did the last time she would give him one fit for a prince.
No sooner was the door shut upon him than the landlady made at the barber, and seizing him by the beard, said 'By my faith you are not going to make a beard of my tail any longer you must give me back my tail, for it is a shame the way that thing of my husband's goes tossing about on the floor I mean the comb that I used to stick in my good tail.
On this the barber cheerfully restored the tail to the landlady, and at the same time they returned all the accessories they had borrowed to effect Don Quixote's deliverance. All the people of the inn were struck with astonishment at the beauty of Dorothea, and even at the comely figure of the shepherd Cardenio.
The curate made them get ready such fare as there was in the inn, and the landlord, in hope of better payment, served them up a tolerably good dinner. All this time Don Quixote was asleep, and they thought it best not to waken him, as sleeping would now do him more good than eating.
While at dinner, the company consisting of the landlord, his wife, their daughter, Maritornes, and all the travellers, they discussed the strange craze of Don Quixote and the manner in which he had been found and the landlady told them what had taken place between him and the carrier and then, looking round to see if Sancho was there, when she saw he was not, she gave them the whole story of his blanketing, which they received with no little amusement.
At least I can say for myself that when I hear of what furious and terrible blows the knights deliver, I am seized with the longing to do the same, and I would like to be hearing about them night and day. 'And I just as much, said the landlady, 'because I never have a quiet moment in my house except when you are listening to someone reading for then you are so taken up that for the time being you forget to scold.
'That is true, said Maritornes 'and, faith, I relish hearing these things greatly too, for they are very pretty especially when they describe some lady or another in the arms of her knight under the orange trees, and the duenna who is keeping watch for them half dead with envy and fright all this I say is as good as honey.
'I don't know indeed, seor, said she 'I listen too, and to tell the truth, though I do not understand it, I like hearing it but it is not the blows that my father likes that I like, but the laments the knights utter when they are separated from their ladies and indeed they sometimes make me weep with the pity I feel for them.
'Then you would console them if it was for you they wept, young lady? said Dorothea. 'I don't know what I should do, said the girl 'I only know that there are some of those ladies so cruel that they call their knights tigers and lions and a thousand other foul names and Jesus!
I don't know what sort of folk they can be, so unfeeling and heartless, that rather than bestow a glance upon a worthy man they leave him to die or go mad. I don't know what is the good of such prudery if it is for honour's sake, why not marry them?
That's all they want. 'Hush, child, said the landlady 'it seems to me thou knowest a great deal about these things, and it is not fit for girls to know or talk so much. 'As the gentleman asked me, I could not help answering him, said the girl. 'Well then, said the curate, 'bring me these books, seor landlord, for I should like to see them.
'With all my heart, said he, and going into his own room he brought out an old valise secured with a little chain, on opening which the curate found in it three large books and some manuscripts written in a very good hand. The first that he opened he found to be 'Don Cirongilio of Thrace, and the second 'Don Felixmarte of Hircania, and the other the 'History of the Great Captain Gonzalo Hernandez de Cordova, with the Life of Diego Garca de Paredes.
When the curate read the two first titles he looked over at the barber and said, 'We want my friend's housekeeper and niece here now. 'Nay, said the barber, 'I can do just as well to carry them to the yard or to the hearth, and there is a very good fire there.
'What! your worship would burn my books! said the landlord. 'Only these two, said the curate, 'Don Cirongilio, and Felixmarte. 'Are my books, then, heretics or phlegmatics that you want to burn them? said the landlord. 'Schismatics you mean, friend, said the barber, 'not phlegmatics. 'That's it, said the landlord 'but if you want to burn any, let it be that about the Great Captain and that Diego Garca for I would rather have a child of mine burnt than either of the others.
By God your worship should read what I have read of Felixmarte of Hircania, how with one single backstroke he cleft five giants asunder through the middle as if they had been made of beanpods like the little friars the children make and another time he attacked a very great and powerful army, in which there were more than a million six hundred thousand soldiers, all armed from head to foot, and he routed them all as if they had been flocks of sheep.
Hold your peace, seor for if you were to hear this you would go mad with delight. A couple of figs for your Great Captain and your Diego Garca! Hearing this Dorothea said in a whisper to Cardenio, 'Our landlord is almost fit to play a second part to Don Quixote.
'But consider, brother, said the curate once more, 'there never was any Felixmarte of Hircania in the world, nor any Cirongilio of Thrace, or any of the other knights of the same sort, that the books of chivalry talk of the whole thing is the fabrication and invention of idle wits, devised by them for the purpose you describe of beguiling the time, as your reapers do when they read for I swear to you in all seriousness there never were any such knights in the world, and no such exploits or nonsense ever happened anywhere.
It is a good joke for your worship to try and persuade me that everything these good books say is nonsense and lies, and they printed by the license of the Lords of the Royal Council, as if they were people who would allow such a lot of lies to be printed all together, and so many battles and enchantments that they take away one's senses.
Sancho had made his appearance in the middle of this conversation, and he was very much troubled and cast down by what he heard said about knightserrant being now no longer in vogue, and all books of chivalry being folly and lies and he resolved in his heart to wait and see what came of this journey of his master's, and if it did not turn out as happily as his master expected, he determined to leave him and go back to his wife and children and his ordinary labour.
The landlord was carrying away the valise and the books, but the curate said to him, 'Wait I want to see what those papers are that are written in such a good hand. The landlord taking them out handed them to him to read, and he perceived they were a work of about eight sheets of manuscript, with, in large letters at the beginning, the title of 'Novel of the Illadvised Curiosity.
To which the landlord replied, 'Then your reverence will do well to read it, for I can tell you that some guests who have read it here have been much pleased with it, and have begged it of me very earnestly but I would not give it, meaning to return it to the person who forgot the valise, books, and papers here, for maybe he will return here some time or other and though I know I shall miss the books, faith I mean to return them for though I am an innkeeper, still I am a Christian.
'You are very right, friend, said the curate 'but for all that, if the novel pleases me you must let me copy it. 'With all my heart, replied the host. While they were talking Cardenio had taken up the novel and begun to read it, and forming the same opinion of it as the curate, he begged him to read it so that they might all hear it.
'I would read it, said the curate, 'if the time would not be better spent in sleeping. 'It will be rest enough for me, said Dorothea, 'to while away the time by listening to some tale, for my spirits are not yet tranquil enough to let me sleep when it would be seasonable.
'Well then, in that case, said the curate, 'I will read it, if it were only out of curiosity perhaps it may contain something pleasant. Master Nicholas added his entreaties to the same effect, and Sancho too seeing which, and considering that he would give pleasure to all, and receive it himself, the curate said, 'Well then, attend to me everyone, for the novel begins thus.
In Florence, a rich and famous city of Italy in the province called Tuscany, there lived two gentlemen of wealth and quality, Anselmo and Lothario, such great friends that by way of distinction they were called by all that knew them 'The Two Friends. They were unmarried, young, of the same age and of the same tastes, which was enough to account for the reciprocal friendship between them.
Anselmo, it is true, was somewhat more inclined to seek pleasure in love than Lothario, for whom the pleasures of the chase had more attraction but on occasion Anselmo would forego his own tastes to yield to those of Lothario, and Lothario would surrender his to fall in with those of Anselmo, and in this way their inclinations kept pace one with the other with a concord so perfect that the best regulated clock could not surpass it.
He said, and justly, that a married man upon whom heaven had bestowed a beautiful wife should consider as carefully what friends he brought to his house as what female friends his wife associated with, for what cannot be done or arranged in the marketplace, in church, at public festivals or at stations (opportunities that husbands cannot always deny their wives), may be easily managed in the house of the female friend or relative in whom most confidence is reposed.
Lothario said, too, that every married man should have some friend who would point out to him any negligence he might be guilty of in his conduct, for it will sometimes happen that owing to the deep affection the husband bears his wife either he does not caution her, or, not to vex her, refrains from telling her to do or not to do certain things, doing or avoiding which may be a matter of honour or reproach to him and errors of this kind he could easily correct if warned by a friend.
Of a truth I know not Lothario alone was such a one, for with the utmost care and vigilance he watched over the honour of his friend, and strove to diminish, cut down, and reduce the number of days for going to his house according to their agreement, lest the visits of a young man, wealthy, highborn, and with the attractions he was conscious of possessing, at the house of a woman so beautiful as Camilla, should be regarded with suspicion by the inquisitive and malicious eyes of the idle public.
For though his integrity and reputation might bridle slanderous tongues, still he was unwilling to hazard either his own good name or that of his friend and for this reason most of the days agreed upon he devoted to some other business which he pretended was unavoidable so that a great portion of the day was taken up with complaints on one side and excuses on the other.
'Thou mayest suppose, Lothario my friend, that I am unable to give sufficient thanks for the favours God has rendered me in making me the son of such parents as mine were, and bestowing upon me with no niggard hand what are called the gifts of nature as well as those of fortune, and above all for what he has done in giving me thee for a friend and Camilla for a wifetwo treasures that I value, if not as highly as I ought, at least as highly as I am able.
And, as nothing of all thou wilt urge in opposition to my wish will avail to keep me from carrying it into effect, it is my desire, friend Lothario, that thou shouldst consent to become the instrument for effecting this purpose that I am bent upon, for I will afford thee opportunities to that end, and nothing shall be wanting that I may think necessary for the pursuit of a virtuous, honourable, modest and highminded woman.
And among other reasons, I am induced to entrust this arduous task to thee by the consideration that if Camilla be conquered by thee the conquest will not be pushed to extremes, but only far enough to account that accomplished which from a sense of honour will be left undone thus I shall not be wronged in anything more than intention, and my wrong will remain buried in the integrity of thy silence, which I know well will be as lasting as that of death in what concerns me.
If, therefore, thou wouldst have me enjoy what can be called life, thou wilt at once engage in this love struggle, not lukewarmly nor slothfully, but with the energy and zeal that my desire demands, and with the loyalty our friendship assures me of. Such were the words Anselmo addressed to Lothario, who listened to them with such attention that, except to say what has been already mentioned, he did not open his lips until the other had finished.
True friends will prove their friends and make use of them, as a poet has said, usque ad aras whereby he meant that they will not make use of their friendship in things that are contrary to God's will. If this, then, was a heathen's feeling about friendship, how much more should it be a Christian's, who knows that the divine must not be forfeited for the sake of any human friendship?
And if a friend should go so far as to put aside his duty to Heaven to fulfil his duty to his friend, it should not be in matters that are trifling or of little moment, but in such as affect the friend's life and honour. Now tell me, Anselmo, in which of these two art thou imperilled, that I should hazard myself to gratify thee, and do a thing so detestable as that thou seekest of me?
Neither forsooth on the contrary, thou dost ask of me, so far as I understand, to strive and labour to rob thee of honour and life, and to rob myself of them at the same time for if I take away thy honour it is plain I take away thy life, as a man without honour is worse than dead and being the instrument, as thou wilt have it so, of so much wrong to thee, shall not I, too, be left without honour, and consequently without life?
Listen to me, Anselmo my friend, and be not impatient to answer me until I have said what occurs to me touching the object of thy desire, for there will be time enough left for thee to reply and for me to hear. 'Be it so, said Anselmo, 'say what thou wilt.
And that thou mayest clearly see this, say, Anselmo, hast thou not told me that I must force my suit upon a modest woman, decoy one that is virtuous, make overtures to one that is pureminded, pay court to one that is prudent? Yes, thou hast told me so. Then, if thou knowest that thou hast a wife, modest, virtuous, pureminded and prudent, what is it that thou seekest?
And if thou believest that she will come forth victorious from all my attacksas doubtless she wouldwhat higher titles than those she possesses now dost thou think thou canst bestow upon her then, or in what will she be better then than she is now? Either thou dost not hold her to be what thou sayest, or thou knowest not what thou dost demand.
If thou dost not hold her to be what thou sayest, why dost thou seek to prove her instead of treating her as guilty in the way that may seem best to thee? but if she be as virtuous as thou believest, it is an uncalledfor proceeding to make trial of truth itself, for, after trial, it will but be in the same estimation as before.
Thus, then, it is conclusive that to attempt things from which harm rather than advantage may come to us is the part of unreasoning and reckless minds, more especially when they are things which we are not forced or compelled to attempt, and which show from afar that it is plainly madness to attempt them.
Thus by keeping it secret thou wilt not escape thy sorrow, but rather thou wilt shed tears unceasingly, if not tears of the eyes, tears of blood from the heart, like those shed by that simple doctor our poet tells us of, that tried the test of the cup, which the wise Rinaldo, better advised, refused to do for though this may be a poetic fiction it contains a moral lesson worthy of attention and study and imitation.
And if thou didst, and if the stone should resist so silly a test, that would add nothing to its value or reputation and if it were broken, as it might be, would not all be lost? Undoubtedly it would, leaving its owner to be rated as a fool in the opinion of all.
Consider, then, Anselmo my friend, that Camilla is a diamond of the finest quality as well in thy estimation as in that of others, and that it is contrary to reason to expose her to the risk of being broken for if she remains intact she cannot rise to a higher value than she now possesses and if she give way and be unable to resist, bethink thee now how thou wilt be deprived of her, and with what good reason thou wilt complain of thyself for having been the cause of her ruin and thine own.
Remember, my friend, that woman is an imperfect animal, and that impediments are not to be placed in her way to make her trip and fall, but that they should be removed, and her path left clear of all obstacles, so that without hindrance she may run her course freely to attain the desired perfection, which consists in being virtuous.
Having ascertained the places which it frequents and passes, they stop the way to them with mud, and then rousing it, drive it towards the spot, and as soon as the ermine comes to the mud it halts, and allows itself to be taken captive rather than pass through the mire, and spoil and sully its whiteness, which it values more than life and liberty.
She must be protected and prized as one protects and prizes a fair garden full of roses and flowers, the owner of which allows no one to trespass or pluck a blossom enough for others that from afar and through the iron grating they may enjoy its fragrance and its beauty.
A prudent old man was giving advice to another, the father of a young girl, to lock her up, watch over her and keep her in seclusion, and among other arguments he used these Woman is a thing of glass But her brittleness 'tis best Not too curiously to test Who knows what may come to pass?
'All that I have said to thee so far, Anselmo, has had reference to what concerns thee now it is right that I should say something of what regards myself and if I be prolix, pardon me, for the labyrinth into which thou hast entered and from which thou wouldst have me extricate thee makes it necessary.
That thou wouldst rob me of it is clear, for when Camilla sees that I pay court to her as thou requirest, she will certainly regard me as a man without honour or right feeling, since I attempt and do a thing so much opposed to what I owe to my own position and thy friendship.
But I will tell thee why with good reason dishonour attaches to the husband of the unchaste wife, though he know not that she is so, nor be to blame, nor have done anything, or given any provocation to make her so and be not weary with listening to me, for it will be for thy good.
'When God created our first parent in the earthly paradise, the Holy Scripture says that he infused sleep into Adam and while he slept took a rib from his left side of which he formed our mother Eve, and when Adam awoke and beheld her he said, 'This is flesh of my flesh, and bone of my bone.' And God said 'For this shall a man leave his father and his mother, and they shall be two in one flesh and then was instituted the divine sacrament of marriage, with such ties that death alone can loose them.
See, then, Anselmo, the peril thou art encountering in seeking to disturb the peace of thy virtuous consort see for what an empty and illadvised curiosity thou wouldst rouse up passions that now repose in quiet in the breast of thy chaste wife reflect that what thou art staking all to win is little, and what thou wilt lose so much that I leave it undescribed, not having the words to express it.
Lothario seeing the fixed determination of Anselmo, and not knowing what further examples to offer or arguments to urge in order to dissuade him from it, and perceiving that he threatened to confide his pernicious scheme to someone else, to avoid a greater evil resolved to gratify him and do what he asked, intending to manage the business so as to satisfy Anselmo without corrupting the mind of Camilla so in reply he told him not to communicate his purpose to any other, for he would undertake the task himself, and would begin it as soon as he pleased.
Anselmo embraced him warmly and affectionately, and thanked him for his offer as if he had bestowed some great favour upon him and it was agreed between them to set about it the next day, Anselmo affording opportunity and time to Lothario to converse alone with Camilla, and furnishing him with money and jewels to offer and present to her.
He suggested, too, that he should treat her to music, and write verses in her praise, and if he was unwilling to take the trouble of composing them, he offered to do it himself. Lothario agreed to all with an intention very different from what Anselmo supposed, and with this understanding they returned to Anselmo's house, where they found Camilla awaiting her husband anxiously and uneasily, for he was later than usual in returning that day.
Lothario repaired to his own house, and Anselmo remained in his, as well satisfied as Lothario was troubled in mind for he could see no satisfactory way out of this illadvised business. That night, however, he thought of a plan by which he might deceive Anselmo without any injury to Camilla.
The next day he went to dine with his friend, and was welcomed by Camilla, who received and treated him with great cordiality, knowing the affection her husband felt for him. When dinner was over and the cloth removed, Anselmo told Lothario to stay there with Camilla while he attended to some pressing business, as he would return in an hour and a half.
Camilla begged him not to go, and Lothario offered to accompany him, but nothing could persuade Anselmo, who on the contrary pressed Lothario to remain waiting for him as he had a matter of great importance to discuss with him. At the same time he bade Camilla not to leave Lothario alone until he came back.
In short he contrived to put so good a face on the reason, or the folly, of his absence that no one could have suspected it was a pretence. Anselmo took his departure, and Camilla and Lothario were left alone at the table, for the rest of the household had gone to dinner.
Lothario saw himself in the lists according to his friend's wish, and facing an enemy that could by her beauty alone vanquish a squadron of armed knights judge whether he had good reason to fear but what he did was to lean his elbow on the arm of the chair, and his cheek upon his hand, and, asking Camilla's pardon for his ill manners, he said he wished to take a little sleep until Anselmo returned.
Camilla in reply said he could repose more at his ease in the receptionroom than in his chair, and begged of him to go in and sleep there but Lothario declined, and there he remained asleep until the return of Anselmo, who finding Camilla in her own room, and Lothario asleep, imagined that he had stayed away so long as to have afforded them time enough for conversation and even for sleep, and was all impatience until Lothario should wake up, that he might go out with him and question him as to his success.
Thus, then, several days went by, and Lothario, without uttering a word to Camilla, reported to Anselmo that he had talked with her and that he had never been able to draw from her the slightest indication of consent to anything dishonourable, nor even a sign or shadow of hope on the contrary, he said she would inform her husband of it.
I will give you tomorrow two thousand crowns in gold for you to offer or even present, and as many more to buy jewels to lure her, for women are fond of being becomingly attired and going gaily dressed, and all the more so if they are beautiful, however chaste they may be and if she resists this temptation, I will rest satisfied and will give you no more trouble.
The next day he received the four thousand crowns, and with them four thousand perplexities, for he knew not what to say by way of a new falsehood but in the end he made up his mind to tell him that Camilla stood as firm against gifts and promises as against words, and that there was no use in taking any further trouble, for the time was all spent to no purpose.
Lothario replied that he was not disposed to go on with the business, for she had answered him so angrily and harshly that he had no heart to say anything more to her. 'Ah, Lothario, Lothario, said Anselmo, 'how ill dost thou meet thy obligations to me, and the great confidence I repose in thee!
I have been just now watching through this keyhole, and I have seen that thou hast not said a word to Camilla, whence I conclude that on the former occasions thou hast not spoken to her either, and if this be so, as no doubt it is, why dost thou deceive me, or wherefore seekest thou by craft to deprive me of the means I might find of attaining my desire?
Anselmo said no more, but he had said enough to cover Lothario with shame and confusion, and he, feeling as it were his honour touched by having been detected in a lie, swore to Anselmo that he would from that moment devote himself to satisfying him without any deception, as he would see if he had the curiosity to watch though he need not take the trouble, for the pains he would take to satisfy him would remove all suspicions from his mind.
Anselmo believed him, and to afford him an opportunity more free and less liable to surprise, he resolved to absent himself from his house for eight days, betaking himself to that of a friend of his who lived in a village not far from the city and, the better to account for his departure to Camilla, he so arranged it that the friend should send him a very pressing invitation.
Thy wife Camilla is virtuous, thou dost possess her in peace and quietness, no one assails thy happiness, her thoughts wander not beyond the walls of thy house, thou art her heaven on earth, the object of her wishes, the fulfilment of her desires, the measure wherewith she measures her will, making it conform in all things to thine and Heaven's.
If, then, the mine of her honour, beauty, virtue, and modesty yields thee without labour all the wealth it contains and thou canst wish for, why wilt thou dig the earth in search of fresh veins, of new unknown treasure, risking the collapse of all, since it but rests on the feeble props of her weak nature?
Bethink thee that from him who seeks impossibilities that which is possible may with justice be withheld, as was better expressed by a poet who said 'Tis mine to seek for life in death, Health in disease seek I, I seek in prison freedom's breath, In traitors loyalty. So Fate that ever scorns to grant Or grace or boon to me, Since what can never be I want, Denies me what might be.
Camilla was distressed, as a discreet and rightminded woman would be, at the orders her husband left her, and bade him remember that it was not becoming that anyone should occupy his seat at the table during his absence, and if he acted thus from not feeling confidence that she would be able to manage his house, let him try her this time, and he would find by experience that she was equal to greater responsibilities.
Anselmo went, and the next day Lothario came to his house, where he was received by Camilla with a friendly and modest welcome but she never suffered Lothario to see her alone, for she was always attended by her men and women servants, especially by a handmaid of hers, Leonela by name, to whom she was much attached (for they had been brought up together from childhood in her father's house), and whom she had kept with her after her marriage with Anselmo.
She, however, having her thoughts fixed upon other things more to her taste, and wanting that time and opportunity for her own pleasures, did not always obey her mistress's commands, but on the contrary left them alone, as if they had ordered her to do so but the modest bearing of Camilla, the calmness of her countenance, the composure of her aspect were enough to bridle the tongue of Lothario.
But the influence which the many virtues of Camilla exerted in imposing silence on Lothario's tongue proved mischievous for both of them, for if his tongue was silent his thoughts were busy, and could dwell at leisure upon the perfections of Camilla's goodness and beauty one by one, charms enough to warm with love a marble statue, not to say a heart of flesh.
Lothario gazed upon her when he might have been speaking to her, and thought how worthy of being loved she was and thus reflection began little by little to assail his allegiance to Anselmo, and a thousand times he thought of withdrawing from the city and going where Anselmo should never see him nor he see Camilla.
He put a constraint upon himself, and struggled to repel and repress the pleasure he found in contemplating Camilla when alone he blamed himself for his weakness, called himself a bad friend, nay a bad Christian then he argued the matter and compared himself with Anselmo always coming to the conclusion that the folly and rashness of Anselmo had been worse than his faithlessness, and that if he could excuse his intentions as easily before God as with man, he had no reason to fear any punishment for his offence.
In short the beauty and goodness of Camilla, joined with the opportunity which the blind husband had placed in his hands, overthrew the loyalty of Lothario and giving heed to nothing save the object towards which his inclinations led him, after Anselmo had been three days absent, during which he had been carrying on a continual struggle with his passion, he began to make love to Camilla with so much vehemence and warmth of language that she was overwhelmed with amazement, and could only rise from her place and retire to her room without answering him a word.
But the hope which always springs up with love was not weakened in Lothario by this repelling demeanour on the contrary his passion for Camilla increased, and she discovering in him what she had never expected, knew not what to do and considering it neither safe nor right to give him the chance or opportunity of speaking to her again, she resolved to send, as she did that very night, one of her servants with a letter to Anselmo, in which she addressed the following words to him.
I find myself so ill at ease without you, and so incapable of enduring this separation, that unless you return quickly I shall have to go for relief to my parents' house, even if I leave yours without a protector for the one you left me, if indeed he deserved that title, has, I think, more regard to his own pleasure than to what concerns you as you are possessed of discernment I need say no more to you, nor indeed is it fitting I should say more.
Anselmo received this letter, and from it he gathered that Lothario had already begun his task and that Camilla must have replied to him as he would have wished and delighted beyond measure at such intelligence he sent word to her not to leave his house on any account, as he would very shortly return.
With these resolutions, more honourable than judicious or effectual, she remained the next day listening to Lothario, who pressed his suit so strenuously that Camilla's firmness began to waver, and her virtue had enough to do to come to the rescue of her eyes and keep them from showing signs of a certain tender compassion which the tears and appeals of Lothario had awakened in her bosom.
In short he felt that while Anselmo's absence afforded time and opportunity he must press the siege of the fortress, and so he assailed her selfesteem with praises of her beauty, for there is nothing that more quickly reduces and levels the castle towers of fair women's vanity than vanity itself upon the tongue of flattery.
In fact with the utmost assiduity he undermined the rock of her purity with such engines that had Camilla been of brass she must have fallen. He wept, he entreated, he promised, he flattered, he importuned, he pretended with so much feeling and apparent sincerity, that he overthrew the virtuous resolves of Camilla and won the triumph he least expected and most longed for.
Camilla yielded, Camilla fell but what wonder if the friendship of Lothario could not stand firm? A clear proof to us that the passion of love is to be conquered only by flying from it, and that no one should engage in a struggle with an enemy so mighty for divine strength is needed to overcome his human power.
Lothario did not care to tell Camilla the object Anselmo had in view, nor that he had afforded him the opportunity of attaining such a result, lest she should undervalue his love and think that it was by chance and without intending it and not of his own accord that he had made love to her.
A few days later Anselmo returned to his house and did not perceive what it had lost, that which he so lightly treated and so highly prized. He went at once to see Lothario, and found him at home they embraced each other, and Anselmo asked for the tidings of his life or his death.
'The tidings I have to give thee, Anselmo my friend, said Lothario, 'are that thou dost possess a wife that is worthy to be the pattern and crown of all good wives. The words that I have addressed to her were borne away on the wind, my promises have been despised, my presents have been refused, such feigned tears as I shed have been turned into open ridicule.
In short, as Camilla is the essence of all beauty, so is she the treasurehouse where purity dwells, and gentleness and modesty abide with all the virtues that can confer praise, honour, and happiness upon a woman. Take back thy money, my friend here it is, and I have had no need to touch it, for the chastity of Camilla yields not to things so base as gifts or promises.
'That will not be necessary, said Lothario, 'for the muses are not such enemies of mine but that they visit me now and then in the course of the year. Do thou tell Camilla what thou hast proposed about a pretended amour of mine as for the verses I will make them, and if not as good as the subject deserves, they shall be at least the best I can produce.
Camilla replied that it had seemed to her that Lothario looked at her somewhat more freely than when he had been at home but that now she was undeceived and believed it to have been only her own imagination, for Lothario now avoided seeing her, or being alone with her.
Anselmo told her she might be quite easy on the score of that suspicion, for he knew that Lothario was in love with a damsel of rank in the city whom he celebrated under the name of Chloris, and that even if he were not, his fidelity and their great friendship left no room for fear.
Had not Camilla, however, been informed beforehand by Lothario that this love for Chloris was a pretence, and that he himself had told Anselmo of it in order to be able sometimes to give utterance to the praises of Camilla herself, no doubt she would have fallen into the despairing toils of jealousy but being forewarned she received the startling news without uneasiness.
'Even did she know her, returned Lothario, 'I would hide nothing, for when a lover praises his lady's beauty, and charges her with cruelty, he casts no imputation upon her fair name at any rate, all I can say is that yesterday I made a sonnet on the ingratitude of this Chloris, which goes thus SONNET At midnight, in the silence, when the eyes Of happier mortals balmy slumbers close, The weary tale of my unnumbered woes To Chloris and to Heaven is wont to rise.
And when the light of day returning dyes The portals of the east with tints of rose, With undiminished force my sorrow flows In broken accents and in burning sighs. And when the sun ascends his stargirt throne, And on the earth pours down his midday beams, Noon but renews my wailing and my tears And with the night again goes up my moan.
Yet ever in my agony it seems To me that neither Heaven nor Chloris hears. The sonnet pleased Camilla, and still more Anselmo, for he praised it and said the lady was excessively cruel who made no return for sincerity so manifest. On which Camilla said, 'Then all that lovesmitten poets say is true?
'There is no doubt of that, observed Anselmo, anxious to support and uphold Lothario's ideas with Camilla, who was as regardless of his design as she was deep in love with Lothario and so taking delight in anything that was his, and knowing that his thoughts and writings had her for their object, and that she herself was the real Chloris, she asked him to repeat some other sonnet or verses if he recollected any.
'I do, replied Lothario, 'but I do not think it as good as the first one, or, more correctly speaking, less bad but you can easily judge, for it is this. SONNET I know that I am doomed death is to me As certain as that thou, ungrateful fair, Dead at thy feet shouldst see me lying, ere My heart repented of its love for thee.
If buried in oblivion I should be, Bereft of life, fame, favour, even there It would be found that I thy image bear Deep graven in my breast for all to see. This like some holy relic do I prize To save me from the fate my truth entails, Truth that to thy hard heart its vigour owes.
Anselmo praised this second sonnet too, as he had praised the first and so he went on adding link after link to the chain with which he was binding himself and making his dishonour secure for when Lothario was doing most to dishonour him he told him he was most honoured and thus each step that Camilla descended towards the depths of her abasement, she mounted, in his opinion, towards the summit of virtue and fair fame.
It so happened that finding herself on one occasion alone with her maid, Camilla said to her, 'I am ashamed to think, my dear Leonela, how lightly I have valued myself that I did not compel Lothario to purchase by at least some expenditure of time that full possession of me that I so quickly yielded him of my own free will.
'Let not that trouble you, my lady, said Leonela, 'for it does not take away the value of the thing given or make it the less precious to give it quickly if it be really valuable and worthy of being prized nay, they are wont to say that he who gives quickly gives twice.
and it was absolutely necessary to complete then what love had resolved upon, without affording the time to let Anselmo return and by his presence compel the work to be left unfinished for love has no better agent for carrying out his designs than opportunity and of opportunity he avails himself in all his feats, especially at the outset.
All this I know well myself, more by experience than by hearsay, and some day, seora, I will enlighten you on the subject, for I am of your flesh and blood too. Moreover, lady Camilla, you did not surrender yourself or yield so quickly but that first you saw Lothario's whole soul in his eyes, in his sighs, in his words, his promises and his gifts, and by it and his good qualities perceived how worthy he was of your love.
This, then, being the case, let not these scrupulous and prudish ideas trouble your imagination, but be assured that Lothario prizes you as you do him, and rest content and satisfied that as you are caught in the noose of love it is one of worth and merit that has taken you, and one that has not only the four S's that they say true lovers ought to have, but a complete alphabet only listen to me and you will see how I can repeat it by rote.
He is to my eyes and thinking, Amiable, Brave, Courteous, Distinguished, Elegant, Fond, Gay, Honourable, Illustrious, Loyal, Manly, Noble, Open, Polite, Quickwitted, Rich, and the S's according to the saying, and then Tender, Veracious X does not suit him, for it is a rough letter Y has been given already and Z Zealous for your honour.
Camilla was uneasy at this, dreading lest it might prove the means of endangering her honour, and asked whether her intrigue had gone beyond words, and she with little shame and much effrontery said it had for certain it is that ladies' imprudences make servants shameless, who, when they see their mistresses make a false step, think nothing of going astray themselves, or of its being known.
She was unable, however, to prevent him from being seen on one occasion, as he sallied forth at daybreak, by Lothario, who, not knowing who he was, at first took him for a spectre but, as soon as he saw him hasten away, muffling his face with his cloak and concealing himself carefully and cautiously, he rejected this foolish idea, and adopted another, which would have been the ruin of all had not Camilla found a remedy.
All Lothario's good sense seems to have failed him at this juncture all his prudent maxims escaped his memory for without once reflecting rationally, and without more ado, in his impatience and in the blindness of the jealous rage that gnawed his heart, and dying to revenge himself upon Camilla, who had done him no wrong, before Anselmo had risen he hastened to him and said to him, 'Know, Anselmo, that for several days past I have been struggling with myself, striving to withhold from thee what it is no longer possible or right that I should conceal from thee.
Know that Camilla's fortress has surrendered and is ready to submit to my will and if I have been slow to reveal this fact to thee, it was in order to see if it were some light caprice of hers, or if she sought to try me and ascertain if the love I began to make to her with thy permission was made with a serious intention.
As hitherto thou hast always followed my advice wholly or in part, follow and observe this that I will give thee now, so that, without mistake, and with mature deliberation, thou mayest satisfy thyself as to what may seem the best course pretend to absent thyself for two or three days as thou hast been wont to do on other occasions, and contrive to hide thyself in the closet for the tapestries and other things there afford great facilities for thy concealment, and then thou wilt see with thine own eyes and I with mine what Camilla's purpose may be.
Anselmo was amazed, overwhelmed, and astounded at the words of Lothario, which came upon him at a time when he least expected to hear them, for he now looked upon Camilla as having triumphed over the pretended attacks of Lothario, and was beginning to enjoy the glory of her victory.
He remained silent for a considerable time, looking on the ground with fixed gaze, and at length said, 'Thou hast behaved, Lothario, as I expected of thy friendship I will follow thy advice in everything do as thou wilt, and keep this secret as thou seest it should be kept in circumstances so unlooked for.
Lothario gave him his word, but after leaving him he repented altogether of what he had said to him, perceiving how foolishly he had acted, as he might have revenged himself upon Camilla in some less cruel and degrading way. He cursed his want of sense, condemned his hasty resolution, and knew not what course to take to undo the mischief or find some ready escape from it.
As Camilla said this Lothario at first imagined it was some device to delude him into the idea that the man he had seen going out was Leonela's lover and not hers but when he saw how she wept and suffered, and begged him to help her, he became convinced of the truth, and the conviction completed his confusion and remorse however, he told Camilla not to distress herself, as he would take measures to put a stop to the insolence of Leonela.
At the same time he told her what, driven by the fierce rage of jealousy, he had said to Anselmo, and how he had arranged to hide himself in the closet that he might there see plainly how little she preserved her fidelity to him and he entreated her pardon for this madness, and her advice as to how to repair it, and escape safely from the intricate labyrinth in which his imprudence had involved him.
'I tell you, said Camilla, 'there is nothing to take care of except to answer me what I shall ask you for she did not wish to explain to him beforehand what she meant to do, fearing lest he should be unwilling to follow out an idea which seemed to her such a good one, and should try or devise some other less practicable plan.
Lothario then retired, and the next day Anselmo, under pretence of going to his friend's country house, took his departure, and then returned to conceal himself, which he was able to do easily, as Camilla and Leonela took care to give him the opportunity and so he placed himself in hiding in the state of agitation that it may be imagined he would feel who expected to see the vitals of his honour laid bare before his eyes, and found himself on the point of losing the supreme blessing he thought he possessed in his beloved Camilla.
Having made sure of Anselmo's being in his hidingplace, Camilla and Leonela entered the closet, and the instant she set foot within it Camilla said, with a deep sigh, 'Ah! dear Leonela, would it not be better, before I do what I am unwilling you should know lest you should seek to prevent it, that you should take Anselmo's dagger that I have asked of you and with it pierce this vile heart of mine?
But no there is no reason why I should suffer the punishment of another's fault. I will first know what it is that the bold licentious eyes of Lothario have seen in me that could have encouraged him to reveal to me a design so base as that which he has disclosed regardless of his friend and of my honour.
Go to the window, Leonela, and call him, for no doubt he is in the street waiting to carry out his vile project but mine, cruel it may be, but honourable, shall be carried out first. 'Ah, seora, said the crafty Leonela, who knew her part, 'what is it you want to do with this dagger?
It is better to dissemble your wrong and not give this wicked man the chance of entering the house now and finding us alone consider, seora, we are weak women and he is a man, and determined, and as he comes with such a base purpose, blind and urged by passion, perhaps before you can put yours into execution he may do what will be worse for you than taking your life.
Ill betide my master, Anselmo, for giving such authority in his house to this shameless fellow! And supposing you kill him, seora, as I suspect you mean to do, what shall we do with him when he is dead? 'What, my friend? replied Camilla, 'we shall leave him for Anselmo to bury him for in reason it will be to him a light labour to hide his own infamy under ground.
Anselmo was listening to all this, and every word that Camilla uttered made him change his mind but when he heard that it was resolved to kill Lothario his first impulse was to come out and show himself to avert such a disaster but in his anxiety to see the issue of a resolution so bold and virtuous he restrained himself, intending to come forth in time to prevent the deed.
At this moment Camilla, throwing herself upon a bed that was close by, swooned away, and Leonela began to weep bitterly, exclaiming, 'Woe is me! that I should be fated to have dying here in my arms the flower of virtue upon earth, the crown of true wives, the pattern of chastity!
with more to the same effect, so that anyone who heard her would have taken her for the most tenderhearted and faithful handmaid in the world, and her mistress for another persecuted Penelope. Camilla was not long in recovering from her fainting fit and on coming to herself she said, 'Why do you not go, Leonela, to call hither that friend, the falsest to his friend the sun ever shone upon or night concealed?
Away, run, haste, speed! lest the fire of my wrath burn itself out with delay, and the righteous vengeance that I hope for melt away in menaces and maledictions. 'I am just going to call him, seora, said Leonela 'but you must first give me that dagger, lest while I am gone you should by means of it give cause to all who love you to weep all their lives.
'Go in peace, dear Leonela, I will not do so, said Camilla, 'for rash and foolish as I may be, to your mind, in defending my honour, I am not going to be so much so as that Lucretia who they say killed herself without having done anything wrong, and without having first killed him on whom the guilt of her misfortune lay.
I shall die, if I am to die but it must be after full vengeance upon him who has brought me here to weep over audacity that no fault of mine gave birth to. Leonela required much pressing before she would go to summon Lothario, but at last she went, and while awaiting her return Camilla continued, as if speaking to herself, 'Good God!
would it not have been more prudent to have repulsed Lothario, as I have done many a time before, than to allow him, as I am now doing, to think me unchaste and vile, even for the short time I must wait until I undeceive him? No doubt it would have been better but I should not be avenged, nor the honour of my husband vindicated, should he find so clear and easy an escape from the strait into which his depravity has led him.
Let the traitor pay with his life for the temerity of his wanton wishes, and let the world know (if haply it shall ever come to know) that Camilla not only preserved her allegiance to her husband, but avenged him of the man who dared to wrong him. Still, I think it might be better to disclose this to Anselmo.
Pure I came to him whom Heaven bestowed upon me, pure I shall leave him and at the worst bathed in my own chaste blood and in the foul blood of the falsest friend that friendship ever saw in the world and as she uttered these words she paced the room holding the unsheathed dagger, with such irregular and disordered steps, and such gestures that one would have supposed her to have lost her senses, and taken her for some violent desperado instead of a delicate woman.
Anselmo, concealed behind some tapestries where he had hidden himself, beheld and was amazed at all, and already felt that what he had seen and heard was a sufficient answer to even greater suspicions and he would have been now well pleased if the proof afforded by Lothario's coming were dispensed with, as he feared some sudden mishap but as he was on the point of showing himself and coming forth to embrace and undeceive his wife he paused as he saw Leonela returning, leading Lothario.
Camilla when she saw him, drawing a long line in front of her on the floor with the dagger, said to him, 'Lothario, pay attention to what I say to thee if by any chance thou darest to cross this line thou seest, or even approach it, the instant I see thee attempt it that same instant will I pierce my bosom with this dagger that I hold in my hand and before thou answerest me a word I desire thee to listen to a few from me, and afterwards thou shalt reply as may please thee.
First, I desire thee to tell me, Lothario, if thou knowest my husband Anselmo, and in what light thou regardest him and secondly I desire to know if thou knowest me too. Answer me this, without embarrassment or reflecting deeply what thou wilt answer, for they are no riddles I put to thee.
Thee I know and hold in the same estimation as he does, for were it not so I had not for a lesser prize acted in opposition to what I owe to my station and the holy laws of true friendship, now broken and violated by me through that powerful enemy, love.
'If thou dost confess that, returned Camilla, 'mortal enemy of all that rightly deserves to be loved, with what face dost thou dare to come before one whom thou knowest to be the mirror wherein he is reflected on whom thou shouldst look to see how unworthily thou wrongest him?
But, woe is me, I now comprehend what has made thee give so little heed to what thou owest to thyself it must have been some freedom of mine, for I will not call it immodesty, as it did not proceed from any deliberate intention, but from some heedlessness such as women are guilty of through inadvertence when they think they have no occasion for reserve.
But tell me, traitor, when did I by word or sign give a reply to thy prayers that could awaken in thee a shadow of hope of attaining thy base wishes? When were not thy professions of love sternly and scornfully rejected and rebuked? When were thy frequent pledges and still more frequent gifts believed or accepted?
But as I am persuaded that no one can long persevere in the attempt to win love unsustained by some hope, I am willing to attribute to myself the blame of thy assurance, for no doubt some thoughtlessness of mine has all this time fostered thy hopes and therefore will I punish myself and inflict upon myself the penalty thy guilt deserves.
And that thou mayest see that being so relentless to myself I cannot possibly be otherwise to thee, I have summoned thee to be a witness of the sacrifice I mean to offer to the injured honour of my honoured husband, wronged by thee with all the assiduity thou wert capable of, and by me too through want of caution in avoiding every occasion, if I have given any, of encouraging and sanctioning thy base designs.
Leonela took her up in her arms and laid her on the bed, entreating Lothario to go in quest of someone to attend to her wound in secret, and at the same time asking his advice and opinion as to what they should say to Anselmo about his lady's wound if he should chance to return before it was healed.
He replied they might say what they liked, for he was not in a state to give advice that would be of any use all he could tell her was to try and stanch the blood, as he was going where he should never more be seen and with every appearance of deep grief and sorrow he left the house but when he found himself alone, and where there was nobody to see him, he crossed himself unceasingly, lost in wonder at the adroitness of Camilla and the consistent acting of Leonela.
Leonela, as he told her, stanched her lady's blood, which was no more than sufficed to support her deception and washing the wound with a little wine she bound it up to the best of her skill, talking all the time she was tending her in a strain that, even if nothing else had been said before, would have been enough to assure Anselmo that he had in Camilla a model of purity.
She asked her attendant's advice as to whether or not she ought to inform her beloved husband of all that had happened, but the other bade her say nothing about it, as she would lay upon him the obligation of taking vengeance on Lothario, which he could not do but at great risk to himself and it was the duty of a true wife not to give her husband provocation to quarrel, but, on the contrary, to remove it as far as possible from him.
Camilla replied that she believed she was right and that she would follow her advice, but at any rate it would be well to consider how she was to explain the wound to Anselmo, for he could not help seeing it to which Leonela answered that she did not know how to tell a lie even in jest.
'How then can I know, my dear? said Camilla, 'for I should not dare to forge or keep up a falsehood if my life depended on it. If we can think of no escape from this difficulty, it will be better to tell him the plain truth than that he should find us out in an untrue story.
'Be not uneasy, seora, said Leonela 'between this and tomorrow I will think of what we must say to him, and perhaps the wound being where it is it can be hidden from his sight, and Heaven will be pleased to aid us in a purpose so good and honourable.
Compose yourself, seora, and endeavour to calm your excitement lest my lord find you agitated and leave the rest to my care and God's, who always supports good intentions. Anselmo had with the deepest attention listened to and seen played out the tragedy of the death of his honour, which the performers acted with such wonderfully effective truth that it seemed as if they had become the realities of the parts they played.
Lothario commended his purpose, and promised on his own part to aid him in raising a monument so glorious. And so Anselmo was left the most charmingly hoodwinked man there could be in the world. He himself, persuaded he was conducting the instrument of his glory, led home by the hand of him who had been the utter destruction of his good name whom Camilla received with averted countenance, though with smiles in her heart.
The deception was carried on for some time, until at the end of a few months Fortune turned her wheel and the guilt which had been until then so skilfully concealed was published abroad, and Anselmo paid with his life the penalty of his illadvised curiosity. There remained but little more of the novel to be read, when Sancho Panza burst forth in wild excitement from the garret where Don Quixote was lying, shouting, 'Run, sirs!
quick and help my master, who is in the thick of the toughest and stiffest battle I ever laid eyes on. By the living God he has given the giant, the enemy of my lady the Princess Micomicona, such a slash that he has sliced his head clean off as if it were a turnip.
'What are you talking about, brother? said the curate, pausing as he was about to read the remainder of the novel. 'Are you in your senses, Sancho? How the devil can it be as you say, when the giant is two thousand leagues away? Here they heard a loud noise in the chamber, and Don Quixote shouting out, 'Stand, thief, brigand, villain now I have got thee, and thy scimitar shall not avail thee!
'Don't stop to listen, said Sancho, 'but go in and part them or help my master though there is no need of that now, for no doubt the giant is dead by this time and giving account to God of his past wicked life for I saw the blood flowing on the ground, and the head cut off and fallen on one side, and it is as big as a large wineskin.
'May I die, said the landlord at this, 'if Don Quixote or Don Devil has not been slashing some of the skins of red wine that stand full at his bed's head, and the spilt wine must be what this good fellow takes for blood and so saying he went into the room and the rest after him, and there they found Don Quixote in the strangest costume in the world.
For his imagination was so wrought upon by the adventure he was going to accomplish, that it made him dream he had already reached the kingdom of Micomicon, and was engaged in combat with his enemy and believing he was laying on the giant, he had given so many sword cuts to the skins that the whole room was full of wine.
On seeing this the landlord was so enraged that he fell on Don Quixote, and with his clenched fist began to pummel him in such a way, that if Cardenio and the curate had not dragged him off, he would have brought the war of the giant to an end.
But in spite of all the poor gentleman never woke until the barber brought a great pot of cold water from the well and flung it with one dash all over his body, on which Don Quixote woke up, but not so completely as to understand what was the matter.
As for Sancho, he went searching all over the floor for the head of the giant, and not finding it he said, 'I see now that it's all enchantment in this house for the last time, on this very spot where I am now, I got ever so many thumps without knowing who gave them to me, or being able to see anybody and now this head is not to be seen anywhere about, though I saw it cut off with my own eyes and the blood running from the body as if from a fountain.
'What blood and fountains are you talking about, enemy of God and his saints? said the landlord. 'Don't you see, you thief, that the blood and the fountain are only these skins here that have been stabbed and the red wine swimming all over the room?and I wish I saw the soul of him that stabbed them swimming in hell.
The landlord was beside himself at the coolness of the squire and the mischievous doings of the master, and swore it should not be like the last time when they went without paying and that their privileges of chivalry should not hold good this time to let one or other of them off without paying, even to the cost of the plugs that would have to be put to the damaged wineskins.
The curate was holding Don Quixote's hands, who, fancying he had now ended the adventure and was in the presence of the Princess Micomicona, knelt before the curate and said, 'Exalted and beauteous lady, your highness may live from this day forth fearless of any harm this base being could do you and I too from this day forth am released from the promise I gave you, since by the help of God on high and by the favour of her by whom I live and breathe, I have fulfilled it so successfully.
'Did not I say so? said Sancho on hearing this. 'You see I wasn't drunk there you see my master has already salted the giant there's no doubt about the bulls my county is all right! Who could have helped laughing at the absurdities of the pair, master and man?
I wish I saw his own blood spilt! But let him not deceive himself, for, by the bones of my father and the shade of my mother, they shall pay me down every quarto or my name is not what it is, and I am not my father's daughter. All this and more to the same effect the landlady delivered with great irritation, and her good maid Maritornes backed her up, while the daughter held her peace and smiled from time to time.
The curate smoothed matters by promising to make good all losses to the best of his power, not only as regarded the wineskins but also the wine, and above all the depreciation of the tail which they set such store by. Dorothea comforted Sancho, telling him that she pledged herself, as soon as it should appear certain that his master had decapitated the giant, and she found herself peacefully established in her kingdom, to bestow upon him the best county there was in it.
With this Sancho consoled himself, and assured the princess she might rely upon it that he had seen the head of the giant, and more by token it had a beard that reached to the girdle, and that if it was not to be seen now it was because everything that happened in that house went by enchantment, as he himself had proved the last time he had lodged there.
But the befooled Anselmo said he would on no account allow such a thing, and so in a thousand ways he became the author of his own dishonour, while he believed he was insuring his happiness. Meanwhile the satisfaction with which Leonela saw herself empowered to carry on her amour reached such a height that, regardless of everything else, she followed her inclinations unrestrainedly, feeling confident that her mistress would screen her, and even show her how to manage it safely.
At last one night Anselmo heard footsteps in Leonela's room, and on trying to enter to see who it was, he found that the door was held against him, which made him all the more determined to open it and exerting his strength he forced it open, and entered the room in time to see a man leaping through the window into the street.
He ran quickly to seize him or discover who he was, but he was unable to effect either purpose, for Leonela flung her arms round him crying, 'Be calm, seor do not give way to passion or follow him who has escaped from this he belongs to me, and in fact he is my husband.
Anselmo would not believe it, but blind with rage drew a dagger and threatened to stab Leonela, bidding her tell the truth or he would kill her. She, in her fear, not knowing what she was saying, exclaimed, 'Do not kill me, seor, for I can tell you things more important than any you can imagine.
'It would be impossible for me now, said Leonela, 'I am so agitated leave me till tomorrow, and then you shall hear from me what will fill you with astonishment but rest assured that he who leaped through the window is a young man of this city, who has given me his promise to become my husband.
Anselmo was appeased with this, and was content to wait the time she asked of him, for he never expected to hear anything against Camilla, so satisfied and sure of her virtue was he and so he quitted the room, and left Leonela locked in, telling her she should not come out until she had told him all she had to make known to him.
At length he resolved to conduct her to a convent of which a sister of his was prioress Camilla agreed to this, and with the speed which the circumstances demanded, Lothario took her to the convent and left her there, and then himself quitted the city without letting anyone know of his departure.
As soon as daylight came Anselmo, without missing Camilla from his side, rose eager to learn what Leonela had to tell him, and hastened to the room where he had locked her in. He opened the door, entered, but found no Leonela all he found was some sheets knotted to the window, a plain proof that she had let herself down from it and escaped.
He knew not what to think, or say, or do, and his reason seemed to be deserting him little by little. He reviewed his position, and saw himself in a moment left without wife, friend, or servants, abandoned, he felt, by the heaven above him, and more than all robbed of his honour, for in Camilla's disappearance he saw his own ruin.
He locked the doors of his house, mounted his horse, and with a broken spirit set out on his journey but he had hardly gone halfway when, harassed by his reflections, he had to dismount and tie his horse to a tree, at the foot of which he threw himself, giving vent to piteous heartrending sighs and there he remained till nearly nightfall, when he observed a man approaching on horseback from the city, of whom, after saluting him, he asked what was the news in Florence.
The citizen replied, 'The strangest that have been heard for many a day for it is reported abroad that Lothario, the great friend of the wealthy Anselmo, who lived at San Giovanni, carried off last night Camilla, the wife of Anselmo, who also has disappeared. All this has been told by a maidservant of Camilla's, whom the governor found last night lowering herself by a sheet from the windows of Anselmo's house.
I know not indeed, precisely, how the affair came to pass all I know is that the whole city is wondering at the occurrence, for no one could have expected a thing of the kind, seeing the great and intimate friendship that existed between them, so great, they say, that they were called 'The Two Friends.' 'Is it known at all, said Anselmo, 'what road Lothario and Camilla took?
'Not in the least, said the citizen, 'though the governor has been very active in searching for them. 'God speed you, seor, said Anselmo. 'God be with you, said the citizen and went his way. This disastrous intelligence almost robbed Anselmo not only of his senses but of his life.
He got up as well as he was able and reached the house of his friend, who as yet knew nothing of his misfortune, but seeing him come pale, worn, and haggard, perceived that he was suffering some heavy affliction. Anselmo at once begged to be allowed to retire to rest, and to be given writing materials.
Finding himself alone he so took to heart the thought of his misfortune that by the signs of death he felt within him he knew well his life was drawing to a close, and therefore he resolved to leave behind him a declaration of the cause of his strange end.
The master of the house observing that it was now late and that Anselmo did not call, determined to go in and ascertain if his indisposition was increasing, and found him lying on his face, his body partly in the bed, partly on the writingtable, on which he lay with the written paper open and the pen still in his hand.
Having first called to him without receiving any answer, his host approached him, and taking him by the hand, found that it was cold, and saw that he was dead. Greatly surprised and distressed he summoned the household to witness the sad fate which had befallen Anselmo and then he read the paper, the handwriting of which he recognised as his, and which contained these words 'A foolish and illadvised desire has robbed me of life.
If the news of my death should reach the ears of Camilla, let her know that I forgive her, for she was not bound to perform miracles, nor ought I to have required her to perform them and since I have been the author of my own dishonour, there is no reason why So far Anselmo had written, and thus it was plain that at this point, before he could finish what he had to say, his life came to an end.
The next day his friend sent intelligence of his death to his relatives, who had already ascertained his misfortune, as well as the convent where Camilla lay almost on the point of accompanying her husband on that inevitable journey, not on account of the tidings of his death, but because of those she received of her lover's departure.
Although she saw herself a widow, it is said she refused either to quit the convent or take the veil, until, not long afterwards, intelligence reached her that Lothario had been killed in a battle in which M. de Lautrec had been recently engaged with the Great Captain Gonzalo Fernandez de Cordova in the kingdom of Naples, whither her too late repentant lover had repaired.
On learning this Camilla took the veil, and shortly afterwards died, worn out by grief and melancholy. This was the end of all three, an end that came of a thoughtless beginning. 'I like this novel, said the curate 'but I cannot persuade myself of its truth and if it has been invented, the author's invention is faulty, for it is impossible to imagine any husband so foolish as to try such a costly experiment as Anselmo's.
If it had been represented as occurring between a gallant and his mistress it might pass but between husband and wife there is something of an impossibility about it. As to the way in which the story is told, however, I have no fault to find. Just at that instant the landlord, who was standing at the gate of the inn, exclaimed, 'Here comes a fine troop of guests if they stop here we may say gaudeamus.
'What are they? said Cardenio. 'Four men, said the landlord, 'riding  la jineta, with lances and bucklers, and all with black veils, and with them there is a woman in white on a sidesaddle, whose face is also veiled, and two attendants on foot. 'Are they very near? said the curate.
Hearing this Dorothea covered her face, and Cardenio retreated into Don Quixote's room, and they hardly had time to do so before the whole party the host had described entered the inn, and the four that were on horseback, who were of highbred appearance and bearing, dismounted, and came forward to take down the woman who rode on the sidesaddle, and one of them taking her in his arms placed her in a chair that stood at the entrance of the room where Cardenio had hidden himself.
All this time neither she nor they had removed their veils or spoken a word, only on sitting down on the chair the woman gave a deep sigh and let her arms fall like one that was ill and weak. The attendants on foot then led the horses away to the stable.
'Faith, sir, I cannot tell you who they are, I only know they seem to be people of distinction, particularly he who advanced to take the lady you saw in his arms and I say so because all the rest show him respect, and nothing is done except what he directs and orders.
'That I cannot tell you either, said the servant, 'for I have not seen her face all the way I have indeed heard her sigh many times and utter such groans that she seems to be giving up the ghost every time but it is no wonder if we do not know more than we have told you, as my comrade and I have only been in their company two days, for having met us on the road they begged and persuaded us to accompany them to Andalusia, promising to pay us well.
'No, indeed, replied the servant 'they all preserve a marvellous silence on the road, for not a sound is to be heard among them except the poor lady's sighs and sobs, which make us pity her and we feel sure that wherever it is she is going, it is against her will, and as far as one can judge from her dress she is a nun or, what is more likely, about to become one and perhaps it is because taking the vows is not of her own free will, that she is so unhappy as she seems to be.
'That may well be, said the curate, and leaving them he returned to where Dorothea was, who, hearing the veiled lady sigh, moved by natural compassion drew near to her and said, 'What are you suffering from, seora? If it be anything that women are accustomed and know how to relieve, I offer you my services with all my heart.
To this the unhappy lady made no reply and though Dorothea repeated her offers more earnestly she still kept silence, until the gentleman with the veil, who, the servant said, was obeyed by the rest, approached and said to Dorothea, 'Do not give yourself the trouble, seora, of making any offers to that woman, for it is her way to give no thanks for anything that is done for her and do not try to make her answer unless you want to hear some lie from her lips.
'I have never told a lie, was the immediate reply of her who had been silent until now 'on the contrary, it is because I am so truthful and so ignorant of lying devices that I am now in this miserable condition and this I call you yourself to witness, for it is my unstained truth that has made you false and a liar.
Cardenio heard these words clearly and distinctly, being quite close to the speaker, for there was only the door of Don Quixote's room between them, and the instant he did so, uttering a loud exclamation he cried, 'Good God! what is this I hear? What voice is this that has reached my ears?
In her agitation and sudden movement the silk with which she had covered her face fell off and disclosed a countenance of incomparable and marvellous beauty, but pale and terrified for she kept turning her eyes, everywhere she could direct her gaze, with an eagerness that made her look as if she had lost her senses, and so marked that it excited the pity of Dorothea and all who beheld her, though they knew not what caused it.
The gentleman grasped her firmly by the shoulders, and being so fully occupied with holding her back, he was unable to put a hand to his veil which was falling off, as it did at length entirely, and Dorothea, who was holding the lady in her arms, raising her eyes saw that he who likewise held her was her husband, Don Fernando.
The curate at once hastened to uncover her face and throw water on it, and as he did so Don Fernando, for he it was who held the other in his arms, recognised her and stood as if deathstricken by the sight not, however, relaxing his grasp of Luscinda, for it was she that was struggling to release herself from his hold, having recognised Cardenio by his voice, as he had recognised her.
Cardenio also heard Dorothea's cry as she fell fainting, and imagining that it came from his Luscinda burst forth in terror from the room, and the first thing he saw was Don Fernando with Luscinda in his arms. Don Fernando, too, knew Cardenio at once and all three, Luscinda, Cardenio, and Dorothea, stood in silent amazement scarcely knowing what had happened to them.
The first to break silence was Luscinda, who thus addressed Don Fernando 'Leave me, Seor Don Fernando, for the sake of what you owe to yourself if no other reason will induce you, leave me to cling to the wall of which I am the ivy, to the support from which neither your importunities, nor your threats, nor your promises, nor your gifts have been able to detach me.
May this plain declaration, then, lead you, as you can do nothing else, to turn your love into rage, your affection into resentment, and so to take my life for if I yield it up in the presence of my beloved husband I count it well bestowed it may be by my death he will be convinced that I kept my faith to him to the last moment of life.
Nevertheless, I would not have thee suppose that I have come here driven by my shame it is only grief and sorrow at seeing myself forgotten by thee that have led me. It was thy will to make me thine, and thou didst so follow thy will, that now, even though thou repentest, thou canst not help being mine.
Bethink thee, my lord, the unsurpassable affection I bear thee may compensate for the beauty and noble birth for which thou wouldst desert me. Thou canst not be the fair Luscinda's because thou art mine, nor can she be thine because she is Cardenio's and it will be easier, remember, to bend thy will to love one who adores thee, than to lead one to love thee who abhors thee now.
Thou didst address thyself to my simplicity, thou didst lay siege to my virtue, thou wert not ignorant of my station, well dost thou know how I yielded wholly to thy will there is no ground or reason for thee to plead deception, and if it be so, as it is, and if thou art a Christian as thou art a gentleman, why dost thou by such subterfuges put off making me as happy at last as thou didst at first?
All this and more the injured Dorothea delivered with such earnest feeling and such tears that all present, even those who came with Don Fernando, were constrained to join her in them. Don Fernando listened to her without replying, until, ceasing to speak, she gave way to such sobs and sighs that it must have been a heart of brass that was not softened by the sight of so great sorrow.
Luscinda stood regarding her with no less compassion for her sufferings than admiration for her intelligence and beauty, and would have gone to her to say some words of comfort to her, but was prevented by Don Fernando's grasp which held her fast. He, overwhelmed with confusion and astonishment, after regarding Dorothea for some moments with a fixed gaze, opened his arms, and, releasing Luscinda, exclaimed 'Thou hast conquered, fair Dorothea, thou hast conquered, for it is impossible to have the heart to deny the united force of so many truths.
At these words Luscinda looked up at Cardenio, at first beginning to recognise him by his voice and then satisfying herself by her eyes that it was he, and hardly knowing what she did, and heedless of all considerations of decorum, she flung her arms around his neck and pressing her face close to his, said, 'Yes, my dear lord, you are the true master of this your slave, even though adverse fate interpose again, and fresh dangers threaten this life that hangs on yours.
Dorothea fancied that Don Fernando changed colour and looked as though he meant to take vengeance on Cardenio, for she observed him put his hand to his sword and the instant the idea struck her, with wonderful quickness she clasped him round the knees, and kissing them and holding him so as to prevent his moving, she said, while her tears continued to flow, 'What is it thou wouldst do, my only refuge, in this unforeseen event?
Thou hast thy wife at thy feet, and she whom thou wouldst have for thy wife is in the arms of her husband reflect whether it will be right for thee, whether it will be possible for thee to undo what Heaven has done, or whether it will be becoming in thee to seek to raise her to be thy mate who in spite of every obstacle, and strong in her truth and constancy, is before thine eyes, bathing with the tears of love the face and bosom of her lawful husband.
For God's sake I entreat of thee, for thine own I implore thee, let not this open manifestation rouse thy anger but rather so calm it as to allow these two lovers to live in peace and quiet without any interference from thee so long as Heaven permits them and in so doing thou wilt prove the generosity of thy lofty noble spirit, and the world shall see that with thee reason has more influence than passion.
All the time Dorothea was speaking, Cardenio, though he held Luscinda in his arms, never took his eyes off Don Fernando, determined, if he saw him make any hostile movement, to try and defend himself and resist as best he could all who might assail him, though it should cost him his life.
And the curate bade him remember that only death could part Luscinda from Cardenio that even if some sword were to separate them they would think their death most happy and that in a case that admitted of no remedy his wisest course was, by conquering and putting a constraint upon himself, to show a generous mind, and of his own accord suffer these two to enjoy the happiness Heaven had granted them.
Not so Luscinda, and Cardenio, and almost all the others, for they shed so many tears, some in their own happiness, some at that of the others, that one would have supposed a heavy calamity had fallen upon them all. Even Sancho Panza was weeping though afterwards he said he only wept because he saw that Dorothea was not as he fancied the queen Micomicona, of whom he expected such great favours.
Their wonder as well as their weeping lasted some time, and then Cardenio and Luscinda went and fell on their knees before Don Fernando, returning him thanks for the favour he had rendered them in language so grateful that he knew not how to answer them, and raising them up embraced them with every mark of affection and courtesy.
He then asked Dorothea how she had managed to reach a place so far removed from her own home, and she in a few fitting words told all that she had previously related to Cardenio, with which Don Fernando and his companions were so delighted that they wished the story had been longer so charmingly did Dorothea describe her misadventures.
When she had finished Don Fernando recounted what had befallen him in the city after he had found in Luscinda's bosom the paper in which she declared that she was Cardenio's wife, and never could be his. He said he meant to kill her, and would have done so had he not been prevented by her parents, and that he quitted the house full of rage and shame, and resolved to avenge himself when a more convenient opportunity should offer.
He added that when Luscinda found herself in his power she lost all consciousness, and after returning to herself did nothing but weep and sigh without speaking a word and thus in silence and tears they reached that inn, which for him was reaching heaven where all the mischances of earth are over and at an end.
To all this Sancho listened with no little sorrow at heart to see how his hopes of dignity were fading away and vanishing in smoke, and how the fair Princess Micomicona had turned into Dorothea, and the giant into Don Fernando, while his master was sleeping tranquilly, totally unconscious of all that had come to pass.
Don Fernando gave thanks to Heaven for the favour shown to him and for having been rescued from the intricate labyrinth in which he had been brought so near the destruction of his good name and of his soul and in short everybody in the inn was full of contentment and satisfaction at the happy issue of such a complicated and hopeless business.
The curate as a sensible man made sound reflections upon the whole affair, and congratulated each upon his good fortune but the one that was in the highest spirits and good humour was the landlady, because of the promise Cardenio and the curate had given her to pay for all the losses and damage she had sustained through Don Quixote's means.
Sancho, as has been already said, was the only one who was distressed, unhappy, and dejected and so with a long face he went in to his master, who had just awoke, and said to him 'Sir Rueful Countenance, your worship may as well sleep on as much as you like, without troubling yourself about killing any giant or restoring her kingdom to the princess for that is all over and settled now.
'I should think it was, replied Don Quixote, 'for I have had the most prodigious and stupendous battle with the giant that I ever remember having had all the days of my life and with one backstrokeswish!I brought his head tumbling to the ground, and so much blood gushed forth from him that it ran in rivulets over the earth like water.
'Like red wine, your worship had better say, replied Sancho 'for I would have you know, if you don't know it, that the dead giant is a hacked wineskin, and the blood fourandtwenty gallons of red wine that it had in its belly, and the cutoff head is the bitch that bore me and the devil take it all.
'What art thou talking about, fool? said Don Quixote 'art thou in thy senses? 'Let your worship get up, said Sancho, 'and you will see the nice business you have made of it, and what we have to pay and you will see the queen turned into a private lady called Dorothea, and other things that will astonish you, if you understand them.
'I could believe all that, replied Sancho, 'if my blanketing was the same sort of thing also only it wasn't, but real and genuine for I saw the landlord, who is here today, holding one end of the blanket and jerking me up to the skies very neatly and smartly, and with as much laughter as strength and when it comes to be a case of knowing people, I hold for my part, simple and sinner as I am, that there is no enchantment about it at all, but a great deal of bruising and bad luck.
Sancho fetched him his clothes and while he was dressing, the curate gave Don Fernando and the others present an account of Don Quixote's madness and of the stratagem they had made use of to withdraw him from that Pena Pobre where he fancied himself stationed because of his lady's scorn.
He described to them also nearly all the adventures that Sancho had mentioned, at which they marvelled and laughed not a little, thinking it, as all did, the strangest form of madness a crazy intellect could be capable of. But now, the curate said, that the lady Dorothea's good fortune prevented her from proceeding with their purpose, it would be necessary to devise or discover some other way of getting him home.
Cardenio proposed to carry out the scheme they had begun, and suggested that Luscinda would act and support Dorothea's part sufficiently well. 'No, said Don Fernando, 'that must not be, for I want Dorothea to follow out this idea of hers and if the worthy gentleman's village is not very far off, I shall be happy if I can do anything for his relief.
'It is not more than two days' journey from this, said the curate. 'Even if it were more, said Don Fernando, 'I would gladly travel so far for the sake of doing so good a work. At this moment Don Quixote came out in full panoply, with Mambrino's helmet, all dinted as it was, on his head, his buckler on his arm, and leaning on his staff or pike.
They stood silent waiting to see what he would say, and he, fixing his eyes on the fair Dorothea, addressed her with great gravity and composure 'I am informed, fair lady, by my squire here that your greatness has been annihilated and your being abolished, since, from a queen and lady of high degree as you used to be, you have been turned into a private maiden.
Don Quixote said no more, and waited for the reply of the princess, who aware of Don Fernando's determination to carry on the deception until Don Quixote had been conveyed to his home, with great ease of manner and gravity made answer, 'Whoever told you, valiant Knight of the Rueful Countenance, that I had undergone any change or transformation did not tell you the truth, for I am the same as I was yesterday.
It is true that certain strokes of good fortune, that have given me more than I could have hoped for, have made some alteration in me but I have not therefore ceased to be what I was before, or to entertain the same desire I have had all through of availing myself of the might of your valiant and invincible arm.
And so, seor, let your goodness reinstate the father that begot me in your good opinion, and be assured that he was a wise and prudent man, since by his craft he found out such a sure and easy way of remedying my misfortune for I believe, seor, that had it not been for you I should never have lit upon the good fortune I now possess and in this I am saying what is perfectly true as most of these gentlemen who are present can fully testify.
All that remains is to set out on our journey tomorrow, for today we could not make much way and for the rest of the happy result I am looking forward to, I trust to God and the valour of your heart. So said the sprightly Dorothea, and on hearing her Don Quixote turned to Sancho, and said to him, with an angry air, 'I declare now, little Sancho, thou art the greatest little villain in Spain.
Say, thief and vagabond, hast thou not just now told me that this princess had been turned into a maiden called Dorothea, and that the head which I am persuaded I cut off from a giant was the bitch that bore thee, and other nonsense that put me in the greatest perplexity I have ever been in all my life?
'That will do, said Don Fernando 'let us say no more about it and as her ladyship the princess proposes to set out tomorrow because it is too late today, so be it, and we will pass the night in pleasant conversation, and tomorrow we will all accompany Seor Don Quixote for we wish to witness the valiant and unparalleled achievements he is about to perform in the course of this mighty enterprise which he has undertaken.
'It is I who shall wait upon and accompany you, said Don Quixote 'and I am much gratified by the favour that is bestowed upon me, and the good opinion entertained of me, which I shall strive to justify or it shall cost me my life, or even more, if it can possibly cost me more.
Many were the compliments and expressions of politeness that passed between Don Quixote and Don Fernando but they were brought to an end by a traveller who at this moment entered the inn, and who seemed from his attire to be a Christian lately come from the country of the Moors, for he was dressed in a shortskirted coat of blue cloth with halfsleeves and without a collar his breeches were also of blue cloth, and his cap of the same colour, and he wore yellow buskins and had a Moorish cutlass slung from a baldric across his breast.
The man was of a robust and wellproportioned frame, in age a little over forty, rather swarthy in complexion, with long moustaches and a full beard, and, in short, his appearance was such that if he had been well dressed he would have been taken for a person of quality and good birth.
To this the veiled lady made no reply all she did was to rise from her seat, crossing her hands upon her bosom, bowing her head and bending her body as a sign that she returned thanks. From her silence they concluded that she must be a Moor and unable to speak a Christian tongue.
At this moment the captive came up, having been until now otherwise engaged, and seeing that they all stood round his companion and that she made no reply to what they addressed to her, he said, 'Ladies, this damsel hardly understands my language and can speak none but that of her own country, for which reason she does not and cannot answer what has been asked of her.
'Nothing has been asked of her, returned Luscinda 'she has only been offered our company for this evening and a share of the quarters we occupy, where she shall be made as comfortable as the circumstances allow, with the goodwill we are bound to show all strangers that stand in need of it, especially if it be a woman to whom the service is rendered.
'On her part and my own, seora, replied the captive, 'I kiss your hands, and I esteem highly, as I ought, the favour you have offered, which, on such an occasion and coming from persons of your appearance, is, it is plain to see, a very great one. 'Tell me, seor, said Dorothea, 'is this lady a Christian or a Moor?
for her dress and her silence lead us to imagine that she is what we could wish she was not. 'In dress and outwardly, said he, 'she is a Moor, but at heart she is a thoroughly good Christian, for she has the greatest desire to become one. 'Then she has not been baptised?
'There has been no opportunity for that, replied the captive, 'since she left Algiers, her native country and home and up to the present she has not found herself in any such imminent danger of death as to make it necessary to baptise her before she has been instructed in all the ceremonies our holy mother Church ordains but, please God, ere long she shall be baptised with the solemnity befitting her which is higher than her dress or mine indicates.
By these words he excited a desire in all who heard him, to know who the Moorish lady and the captive were, but no one liked to ask just then, seeing that it was a fitter moment for helping them to rest themselves than for questioning them about their lives.
He said to her in Arabic that they asked her to take off her veil, and thereupon she removed it and disclosed a countenance so lovely, that to Dorothea she seemed more beautiful than Luscinda, and to Luscinda more beautiful than Dorothea, and all the bystanders felt that if any beauty could compare with theirs it was the Moorish lady's, and there were even those who were inclined to give it somewhat the preference.
And as it is the privilege and charm of beauty to win the heart and secure goodwill, all forthwith became eager to show kindness and attention to the lovely Moor. Don Fernando asked the captive what her name was, and he replied that it was Lela Zoraida but the instant she heard him, she guessed what the Christian had asked, and said hastily, with some displeasure and energy, 'No, not Zoraida Maria, Maria!
giving them to understand that she was called 'Maria and not 'Zoraida. These words, and the touching earnestness with which she uttered them, drew more than one tear from some of the listeners, particularly the women, who are by nature tenderhearted and compassionate. Luscinda embraced her affectionately, saying, 'Yes, yes, Maria, Maria, to which the Moor replied, 'Yes, yes, Maria Zoraida macange, which means 'not Zoraida.
The hour therefore having arrived they all took their seats at a long table like a refectory one, for round or square table there was none in the inn, and the seat of honour at the head of it, though he was for refusing it, they assigned to Don Quixote, who desired the lady Micomicona to place herself by his side, as he was her protector.
And so they supped in high enjoyment, which was increased when they observed Don Quixote leave off eating, and, moved by an impulse like that which made him deliver himself at such length when he supped with the goatherds, begin to address them 'Verily, gentlemen, if we reflect upon it, great and marvellous are the things they see, who make profession of the order of knighterrantry.
Say, what being is there in this world, who entering the gate of this castle at this moment, and seeing us as we are here, would suppose or imagine us to be what we are? Who would say that this lady who is beside me was the great queen that we all know her to be, or that I am that Knight of the Rueful Countenance, trumpeted far and wide by the mouth of Fame?
Now, there can be no doubt that this art and calling surpasses all those that mankind has invented, and is the more deserving of being held in honour in proportion as it is the more exposed to peril. Away with those who assert that letters have the preeminence over arms I will tell them, whosoever they may be, that they know not what they say.
Since, therefore, arms have need of the mind, as much as letters, let us see now which of the two minds, that of the man of letters or that of the warrior, has most to do and this will be seen by the end and goal that each seeks to attain for that purpose is the more estimable which has for its aim the nobler object.
This, then, being admitted, that the end of war is peace, and that so far it has the advantage of the end of letters, let us turn to the bodily labours of the man of letters, and those of him who follows the profession of arms, and see which are the greater.
This poverty he suffers from in various ways, hunger, or cold, or nakedness, or all together but for all that it is not so extreme but that he gets something to eat, though it may be at somewhat unseasonable hours and from the leavings of the rich for the greatest misery of the student is what they themselves call 'going out for soup,' and there is always some neighbour's brazier or hearth for them, which, if it does not warm, at least tempers the cold to them, and lastly, they sleep comfortably at night under a roof.
To be sure he looks forward to the approach of night to make up for all these discomforts on the bed that awaits him, which, unless by some fault of his, never sins by being over narrow, for he can easily measure out on the ground as he likes, and roll himself about in it to his heart's content without any fear of the sheets slipping away from him.
Then, after all this, suppose the day and hour for taking his degree in his calling to have come suppose the day of battle to have arrived, when they invest him with the doctor's cap made of lint, to mend some bullethole, perhaps, that has gone through his temples, or left him with a crippled arm or leg.
Or if this does not happen, and merciful Heaven watches over him and keeps him safe and sound, it may be he will be in the same poverty he was in before, and he must go through more engagements and more battles, and come victorious out of all before he betters himself but miracles of that sort are seldom seen.
For tell me, sirs, if you have ever reflected upon it, by how much do those who have gained by war fall short of the number of those who have perished in it? No doubt you will reply that there can be no comparison, that the dead cannot be numbered, while the living who have been rewarded may be summed up with three figures.
But against all this it may be urged that it is easier to reward two thousand soldiers, for the former may be remunerated by giving them places, which must perforce be conferred upon men of their calling, while the latter can only be recompensed out of the very property of the master they serve but this impossibility only strengthens my argument.
'Putting this, however, aside, for it is a puzzling question for which it is difficult to find a solution, let us return to the superiority of arms over letters, a matter still undecided, so many are the arguments put forward on each side for besides those I have mentioned, letters say that without them arms cannot maintain themselves, for war, too, has its laws and is governed by them, and laws belong to the domain of letters and men of letters.
To this arms make answer that without them laws cannot be maintained, for by arms states are defended, kingdoms preserved, cities protected, roads made safe, seas cleared of pirates and, in short, if it were not for them, states, kingdoms, monarchies, cities, ways by sea and land would be exposed to the violence and confusion which war brings with it, so long as it lasts and is free to make use of its privileges and powers.
And then it is plain that whatever costs most is valued and deserves to be valued most. To attain to eminence in letters costs a man time, watching, hunger, nakedness, headaches, indigestions, and other things of the sort, some of which I have already referred to. But for a man to come in the ordinary course of things to be a good soldier costs him all the student suffers, and in an incomparably higher degree, for at every step he runs the risk of losing his life.
For what dread of want or poverty that can reach or harass the student can compare with what the soldier feels, who finds himself beleaguered in some stronghold mounting guard in some ravelin or cavalier, knows that the enemy is pushing a mine towards the post where he is stationed, and cannot under any circumstances retire or fly from the imminent danger that threatens him?
All he can do is to inform his captain of what is going on so that he may try to remedy it by a countermine, and then stand his ground in fear and expectation of the moment when he will fly up to the clouds without wings and descend into the deep against his will.
And what is still more marvellous, no sooner has one gone down into the depths he will never rise from till the end of the world, than another takes his place and if he too falls into the sea that waits for him like an enemy, another and another will succeed him without a moment's pause between their deaths courage and daring the greatest that all the chances of war can show.
And thus when I reflect on this, I am almost tempted to say that in my heart I repent of having adopted this profession of knighterrant in so detestable an age as we live in now for though no peril can make me fear, still it gives me some uneasiness to think that powder and lead may rob me of the opportunity of making myself famous and renowned throughout the known earth by the might of my arm and the edge of my sword.
But Heaven's will be done if I succeed in my attempt I shall be all the more honoured, as I have faced greater dangers than the knightserrant of yore exposed themselves to. All this lengthy discourse Don Quixote delivered while the others supped, forgetting to raise a morsel to his lips, though Sancho more than once told him to eat his supper, as he would have time enough afterwards to say all he wanted.
It excited fresh pity in those who had heard him to see a man of apparently sound sense, and with rational views on every subject he discussed, so hopelessly wanting in all, when his wretched unlucky chivalry was in question. The curate told him he was quite right in all he had said in favour of arms, and that he himself, though a man of letters and a graduate, was of the same opinion.
They finished their supper, the cloth was removed, and while the hostess, her daughter, and Maritornes were getting Don Quixote of La Mancha's garret ready, in which it was arranged that the women were to be quartered by themselves for the night, Don Fernando begged the captive to tell them the story of his life, for it could not fail to be strange and interesting, to judge by the hints he had let fall on his arrival in company with Zoraida.
The curate and the others thanked him and added their entreaties, and he finding himself so pressed said there was no occasion to ask, where a command had such weight, and added, 'If your worships will give me your attention you will hear a true story which, perhaps, fictitious ones constructed with ingenious and studied art cannot come up to.
My family had its origin in a village in the mountains of Leon, and nature had been kinder and more generous to it than fortune though in the general poverty of those communities my father passed for being even a rich man and he would have been so in reality had he been as clever in preserving his property as he was in spending it.
This tendency of his to be liberal and profuse he had acquired from having been a soldier in his youth, for the soldier's life is a school in which the niggard becomes freehanded and the freehanded prodigal and if any soldiers are to be found who are misers, they are monsters of rare occurrence.
You are now of an age to choose your line of life or at least make choice of a calling that will bring you honour and profit when you are older and what I have resolved to do is to divide my property into four parts three I will give to you, to each his portion without making any difference, and the other I will retain to live upon and support myself for whatever remainder of life Heaven may be pleased to grant me.
Having called upon me as the eldest to answer, I, after urging him not to strip himself of his property but to spend it all as he pleased, for we were young men able to gain our living, consented to comply with his wishes, and said that mine were to follow the profession of arms and thereby serve God and my king.
My two brothers, moved by my example, gave him each a thousand ducats, so that there was left for my father four thousand ducats in money, besides three thousand, the value of the portion that fell to him which he preferred to retain in land instead of selling it. Finally, as I said, we took leave of him, and of our uncle whom I have mentioned, not without sorrow and tears on both sides, they charging us to let them know whenever an opportunity offered how we fared, whether well or ill.
We promised to do so, and when he had embraced us and given us his blessing, one set out for Salamanca, the other for Seville, and I for Alicante, where I had heard there was a Genoese vessel taking in a cargo of wool for Genoa. It is now some twentytwo years since I left my father's house, and all that time, though I have written several letters, I have had no news whatever of him or of my brothers my own adventures during that period I will now relate briefly.
I embarked at Alicante, reached Genoa after a prosperous voyage, and proceeded thence to Milan, where I provided myself with arms and a few soldier's accoutrements thence it was my intention to go and take service in Piedmont, but as I was already on the road to Alessandria della Paglia, I learned that the great Duke of Alva was on his way to Flanders.
I changed my plans, joined him, served under him in the campaigns he made, was present at the deaths of the Counts Egmont and Horn, and was promoted to be ensign under a famous captain of Guadalajara, Diego de Urbina by name. Some time after my arrival in Flanders news came of the league that his Holiness Pope Pius V.
They carried me to Constantinople, where the Grand Turk, Selim, made my master general at sea for having done his duty in the battle and carried off as evidence of his bravery the standard of the Order of Malta. The following year, which was the year seventytwo, I found myself at Navarino rowing in the leading galley with the three lanterns.
There I saw and observed how the opportunity of capturing the whole Turkish fleet in harbour was lost for all the marines and janizzaries that belonged to it made sure that they were about to be attacked inside the very harbour, and had their kits and pasamaques, or shoes, ready to flee at once on shore without waiting to be assailed, in so great fear did they stand of our fleet.
But Heaven ordered it otherwise, not for any fault or neglect of the general who commanded on our side, but for the sins of Christendom, and because it was God's will and pleasure that we should always have instruments of punishment to chastise us. As it was, El Uchali took refuge at Modon, which is an island near Navarino, and landing forces fortified the mouth of the harbour and waited quietly until Don John retired.
It was taken by the chief Neapolitan galley called the Shewolf, commanded by that thunderbolt of war, that father of his men, that successful and unconquered captain Don lvaro de Bazan, Marquis of Santa Cruz and I cannot help telling you what took place at the capture of the Prize.
We returned to Constantinople, and the following year, seventythree, it became known that Don John had seized Tunis and taken the kingdom from the Turks, and placed Muley Hamet in possession, putting an end to the hopes which Muley Hamida, the cruelest and bravest Moor in the world, entertained of returning to reign there.
The Grand Turk took the loss greatly to heart, and with the cunning which all his race possess, he made peace with the Venetians (who were much more eager for it than he was), and the following year, seventyfour, he attacked the Goletta and the fort which Don John had left half built near Tunis.
At length the Goletta fell, and the fort fell, before which places there were seventyfive thousand regular Turkish soldiers, and more than four hundred thousand Moors and Arabs from all parts of Africa, and in the train of all this great host such munitions and engines of war, and so many pioneers that with their hands they might have covered the Goletta and the fort with handfuls of earth.
It was a common opinion that our men should not have shut themselves up in the Goletta, but should have waited in the open at the landingplace but those who say so talk at random and with little knowledge of such matters for if in the Goletta and in the fort there were barely seven thousand soldiers, how could such a small number, however resolute, sally out and hold their own against numbers like those of the enemy?
But many thought, and I thought so too, that it was special favour and mercy which Heaven showed to Spain in permitting the destruction of that source and hiding place of mischief, that devourer, sponge, and moth of countless money, fruitlessly wasted there to no other purpose save preserving the memory of its capture by the invincible Charles V.
as if to make that eternal, as it is and will be, these stones were needed to support it. The fort also fell but the Turks had to win it inch by inch, for the soldiers who defended it fought so gallantly and stoutly that the number of the enemy killed in twentytwo general assaults exceeded twentyfive thousand.
Of three hundred that remained alive not one was taken unwounded, a clear and manifest proof of their gallantry and resolution, and how sturdily they had defended themselves and held their post. A small fort or tower which was in the middle of the lagoon under the command of Don Juan Zanoguera, a Valencian gentleman and a famous soldier, capitulated upon terms.
They took prisoner Don Pedro Puertocarrero, commandant of the Goletta, who had done all in his power to defend his fortress, and took the loss of it so much to heart that he died of grief on the way to Constantinople, where they were carrying him a prisoner. They also took the commandant of the fort, Gabrio Cerbellon by name, a Milanese gentleman, a great engineer and a very brave soldier.
John, a man of generous disposition, as was shown by his extreme liberality to his brother, the famous John Andrea Doria and what made his death the more sad was that he was slain by some Arabs to whom, seeing that the fort was now lost, he entrusted himself, and who offered to conduct him in the disguise of a Moor to Tabarca, a small fort or station on the coast held by the Genoese employed in the coral fishery.
These Arabs cut off his head and carried it to the commander of the Turkish fleet, who proved on them the truth of our Castilian proverb, that 'though the treason may please, the traitor is hated for they say he ordered those who brought him the present to be hanged for not having brought him alive.
Among the Christians who were taken in the fort was one named Don Pedro de Aguilar, a native of some place, I know not what, in Andalusia, who had been ensign in the fort, a soldier of great repute and rare intelligence, who had in particular a special gift for what they call poetry.
I say so because his fate brought him to my galley and to my bench, and made him a slave to the same master and before we left the port this gentleman composed two sonnets by way of epitaphs, one on the Goletta and the other on the fort indeed, I may as well repeat them, for I have them by heart, and I think they will be liked rather than disliked.
The instant the captive mentioned the name of Don Pedro de Aguilar, Don Fernando looked at his companions and they all three smiled and when he came to speak of the sonnets one of them said, 'Before your worship proceeds any further I entreat you to tell me what became of that Don Pedro de Aguilar you have spoken of.
'All I know is, replied the captive, 'that after having been in Constantinople two years, he escaped in the disguise of an Arnaut, in company with a Greek spy but whether he regained his liberty or not I cannot tell, though I fancy he did, because a year afterwards I saw the Greek at Constantinople, though I was unable to ask him what the result of the journey was.
'Well then, you are right, returned the gentleman, 'for that Don Pedro is my brother, and he is now in our village in good health, rich, married, and with three children. 'Thanks be to God for all the mercies he has shown him, said the captive 'for to my mind there is no happiness on earth to compare with recovering lost liberty.
SONNET 'Blest souls, that, from this mortal husk set free, In guerdon of brave deeds beatified, Above this lowly orb of ours abide Made heirs of heaven and immortality, With noble rage and ardour glowing ye Your strength, while strength was yours, in battle plied, And with your own blood and the foeman's dyed The sandy soil and the encircling sea.
It was the ebbing lifeblood first that failed The weary arms the stout hearts never quailed. Though vanquished, yet ye earned the victor's crown Though mourned, yet still triumphant was your fall For there ye won, between the sword and wall, In Heaven glory and on earth renown. 'That is it exactly, according to my recollection, said the captive.
'Well then, that on the fort, said the gentleman, 'if my memory serves me, goes thus SONNET 'Up from this wasted soil, this shattered shell, Whose walls and towers here in ruin lie, Three thousand soldier souls took wing on high, In the bright mansions of the blest to dwell.
The onslaught of the foeman to repel By might of arm all vainly did they try, And when at length 'twas left them but to die, Wearied and few the last defenders fell. And this same arid soil hath ever been A haunt of countless mournful memories, As well in our day as in days of yore.
Finally the fleet returned victorious and triumphant to Constantinople, and a few months later died my master, El Uchali, otherwise Uchali Fartax, which means in Turkish 'the scabby renegade for that he was it is the practice with the Turks to name people from some defect or virtue they may possess the reason being that there are among them only four surnames belonging to families tracing their descent from the Ottoman house, and the others, as I have said, take their names and surnames either from bodily blemishes or moral qualities.
This 'scabby one rowed at the oar as a slave of the Grand Signor's for fourteen years, and when over thirtyfour years of age, in resentment at having been struck by a Turk while at the oar, turned renegade and renounced his faith in order to be able to revenge himself and such was his valour that, without owing his advancement to the base ways and means by which most favourites of the Grand Signor rise to power, he came to be king of Algiers, and afterwards generalonsea, which is the third place of trust in the realm.
He was a Calabrian by birth, and a worthy man morally, and he treated his slaves with great humanity. He had three thousand of them, and after his death they were divided, as he directed by his will, between the Grand Signor (who is heir of all who die and shares with the children of the deceased) and his renegades.
I fell to the lot of a Venetian renegade who, when a cabin boy on board a ship, had been taken by Uchali and was so much beloved by him that he became one of his most favoured youths. He came to be the most cruel renegade I ever saw his name was Hassan Aga, and he grew very rich and became king of Algiers.
The king's captives also, that are on ransom, do not go out to work with the rest of the crew, unless when their ransom is delayed for then, to make them write for it more pressingly, they compel them to work and go for wood, which is no light labour.
They put a chain on me, more as a mark of this than to keep me safe, and so I passed my life in that bao with several other gentlemen and persons of quality marked out as held to ransom but though at times, or rather almost always, we suffered from hunger and scanty clothing, nothing distressed us so much as hearing and seeing at every turn the unexampled and unheardof cruelties my master inflicted upon the Christians.
Every day he hanged a man, impaled one, cut off the ears of another and all with so little provocation, or so entirely without any, that the Turks acknowledged he did it merely for the sake of doing it, and because he was by nature murderously disposed towards the whole human race.
It so happened, then, that as I was one day on the terrace of our prison with three other comrades, trying, to pass away the time, how far we could leap with our chains, we being alone, for all the other Christians had gone out to work, I chanced to raise my eyes, and from one of these little closed windows I saw a reed appear with a cloth attached to the end of it, and it kept waving to and fro, and moving as if making signs to us to come and take it.
We watched it, and one of those who were with me went and stood under the reed to see whether they would let it drop, or what they would do, but as he did so the reed was raised and moved from side to side, as if they meant to say 'no by a shake of the head.
The Christian came back, and it was again lowered, making the same movements as before. Another of my comrades went, and with him the same happened as with the first, and then the third went forward, but with the same result as the first and second. Seeing this I did not like not to try my luck, and as soon as I came under the reed it was dropped and fell inside the bao at my feet.
It is needless to say I rejoiced over this godsend, and my joy was not less than my wonder as I strove to imagine how this good fortune could have come to us, but to me specially for the evident unwillingness to drop the reed for any but me showed that it was for me the favour was intended.
From this we gathered or fancied that it must be some woman living in that house that had done us this kindness, and to show that we were grateful for it, we made salaams after the fashion of the Moors, bowing the head, bending the body, and crossing the arms on the breast.
This sign led us to believe that some Christian woman was a captive in the house, and that it was she who had been so good to us but the whiteness of the hand and the bracelets we had perceived made us dismiss that idea, though we thought it might be one of the Christian renegades whom their masters very often take as lawful wives, and gladly, for they prefer them to the women of their own nation.
But when we least thought it was going to rain any more cianis from that quarter, we saw the reed suddenly appear with another cloth tied in a larger knot attached to it, and this at a time when, as on the former occasion, the bao was deserted and unoccupied.
We made trial as before, each of the same three going forward before I did but the reed was delivered to none but me, and on my approach it was let drop. I untied the knot and I found forty Spanish gold crowns with a paper written in Arabic, and at the end of the writing there was a large cross drawn.
I kissed the cross, took the crowns and returned to the terrace, and we all made our salaams again the hand appeared, I made signs that I would read the paper, and then the window was closed. We were all puzzled, though filled with joy at what had taken place and as none of us understood Arabic, great was our curiosity to know what the paper contained, and still greater the difficulty of finding someone to read it.
At last I resolved to confide in a renegade, a native of Murcia, who professed a very great friendship for me, and had given pledges that bound him to keep any secret I might entrust to him for it is the custom with some renegades, when they intend to return to Christian territory, to carry about them certificates from captives of mark testifying, in whatever form they can, that such and such a renegade is a worthy man who has always shown kindness to Christians, and is anxious to escape on the first opportunity that may present itself.
Some obtain these testimonials with good intentions, others put them to a cunning use for when they go to pillage on Christian territory, if they chance to be cast away, or taken prisoners, they produce their certificates and say that from these papers may be seen the object they came for, which was to remain on Christian ground, and that it was to this end they joined the Turks in their foray.
In this way they escape the consequences of the first outburst and make their peace with the Church before it does them any harm, and then when they have the chance they return to Barbary to become what they were before. Others, however, there are who procure these papers and make use of them honestly, and remain on Christian soil.
This friend of mine, then, was one of these renegades that I have described he had certificates from all our comrades, in which we testified in his favour as strongly as we could and if the Moors had found the papers they would have burned him alive. I knew that he understood Arabic very well, and could not only speak but also write it but before I disclosed the whole matter to him, I asked him to read for me this paper which I had found by accident in a hole in my cell.
He opened it and remained some time examining it and muttering to himself as he translated it. I asked him if he understood it, and he told me he did perfectly well, and that if I wished him to tell me its meaning word for word, I must give him pen and ink that he might do it more satisfactorily.
We at once gave him what he required, and he set about translating it bit by bit, and when he had done he said 'All that is here in Spanish is what the Moorish paper contains, and you must bear in mind that when it says 'Lela Marien' it means 'Our Lady the Virgin Mary.' We read the paper and it ran thus 'When I was a child my father had a slave who taught me to pray the Christian prayer in my own language, and told me many things about Lela Marien.
The Christian died, and I know that she did not go to the fire, but to Allah, because since then I have seen her twice, and she told me to go to the land of the Christians to see Lela Marien, who had great love for me. I know not how to go.
I have seen many Christians, but except thyself none has seemed to me to be a gentleman. I am young and beautiful, and have plenty of money to take with me. See if thou canst contrive how we may go, and if thou wilt thou shalt be my husband there, and if thou wilt not it will not distress me, for Lela Marien will find me someone to marry me.
I myself have written this have a care to whom thou givest it to read trust no Moor, for they are all perfidious. I am greatly troubled on this account, for I would not have thee confide in anyone, because if my father knew it he would at once fling me down a well and cover me with stones.
I will put a thread to the reed tie the answer to it, and if thou hast no one to write for thee in Arabic, tell it to me by signs, for Lela Marien will make me understand thee. She and Allah and this cross, which I often kiss as the captive bade me, protect thee.
The renegade said this with so many tears and such signs of repentance, that with one consent we all agreed to tell him the whole truth of the matter, and so we gave him a full account of all, without hiding anything from him. We pointed out to him the window at which the reed appeared, and he by that means took note of the house, and resolved to ascertain with particular care who lived in it.
We agreed also that it would be advisable to answer the Moorish lady's letter, and the renegade without a moment's delay took down the words I dictated to him, which were exactly what I shall tell you, for nothing of importance that took place in this affair has escaped my memory, or ever will while life lasts.
This, then, was the answer returned to the Moorish lady 'The true Allah protect thee, Lady, and that blessed Marien who is the true mother of God, and who has put it into thy heart to go to the land of the Christians, because she loves thee. Entreat her that she be pleased to show thee how thou canst execute the command she gives thee, for she will, such is her goodness.
Fail not to write to me and inform me what thou dost mean to do, and I will always answer thee for the great Allah has given us a Christian captive who can speak and write thy language well, as thou mayest see by this paper without fear, therefore, thou canst inform us of all thou wouldst.
As to what thou sayest, that if thou dost reach the land of the Christians thou wilt be my wife, I give thee my promise upon it as a good Christian and know that the Christians keep their promises better than the Moors. Allah and Marien his mother watch over thee, my Lady.
As soon as I saw it, although I could not distinguish who put it out, I showed the paper as a sign to attach the thread, but it was already fixed to the reed, and to it I tied the paper and shortly afterwards our star once more made its appearance with the white flag of peace, the little bundle.
We immediately took counsel with the renegade as to what means would have to be adopted in order to carry off the Moorish lady and bring us all to Christian territory and in the end it was agreed that for the present we should wait for a second communication from Zoraida (for that was the name of her who now desires to be called Maria), because we saw clearly that she and no one else could find a way out of all these difficulties.
When we had decided upon this the renegade told us not to be uneasy, for he would lose his life or restore us to liberty. For four days the bao was filled with people, for which reason the reed delayed its appearance for four days, but at the end of that time, when the bao was, as it generally was, empty, it appeared with the cloth so bulky that it promised a happy birth.
Reed and cloth came down to me, and I found another paper and a hundred crowns in gold, without any other coin. The renegade was present, and in our cell we gave him the paper to read, which was to this effect 'I cannot think of a plan, seor, for our going to Spain, nor has Lela Marien shown me one, though I have asked her.
With it ransom yourself and your friends, and let one of you go to the land of the Christians, and there buy a vessel and come back for the others and he will find me in my father's garden, which is at the Babazon gate near the seashore, where I shall be all this summer with my father and my servants.
You can carry me away from there by night without any danger, and bring me to the vessel. And remember thou art to be my husband, else I will pray to Marien to punish thee. If thou canst not trust anyone to go for the vessel, ransom thyself and do thou go, for I know thou wilt return more surely than any other, as thou art a gentleman and a Christian.
This however he could get over by arranging with a Tagarin Moor to go shares with him in the purchase of the vessel, and in the profit on the cargo and under cover of this he could become master of the vessel, in which case he looked upon all the rest as accomplished.
But though to me and my comrades it had seemed a better plan to send to Majorca for the vessel, as the Moorish lady suggested, we did not dare to oppose him, fearing that if we did not do as he said he would denounce us, and place us in danger of losing all our lives if he were to disclose our dealings with Zoraida, for whose life we would have all given our own.
We therefore resolved to put ourselves in the hands of God and in the renegade's and at the same time an answer was given to Zoraida, telling her that we would do all she recommended, for she had given as good advice as if Lela Marien had delivered it, and that it depended on her alone whether we were to defer the business or put it in execution at once.
The Thursday before the Friday on which the fair Zoraida was to go to the garden she gave us a thousand crowns more, and warned us of her departure, begging me, if I were ransomed, to find out her father's garden at once, and by all means to seek an opportunity of going there to see her.
Before fifteen days were over our renegade had already purchased an excellent vessel with room for more than thirty persons and to make the transaction safe and lend a colour to it, he thought it well to make, as he did, a voyage to a place called Shershel, twenty leagues from Algiers on the Oran side, where there is an extensive trade in dried figs.
Two or three times he made this voyage in company with the Tagarin already mentioned. The Moors of Aragon are called Tagarins in Barbary, and those of Granada Mudjares but in the Kingdom of Fez they call the Mudjares Elches, and they are the people the king chiefly employs in war.
To proceed every time he passed with his vessel he anchored in a cove that was not two crossbow shots from the garden where Zoraida was waiting and there the renegade, together with the two Moorish lads that rowed, used purposely to station himself, either going through his prayers, or else practising as a part what he meant to perform in earnest.
But God, who ordered it otherwise, afforded no opportunity for our renegade's wellmeant purpose and he, seeing how safely he could go to Shershel and return, and anchor when and how and where he liked, and that the Tagarin his partner had no will but his, and that, now I was ransomed, all we wanted was to find some Christians to row, told me to look out for any I should be willing to take with me, over and above those who had been ransomed, and to engage them for the next Friday, which he fixed upon for our departure.
On this I spoke to twelve Spaniards, all stout rowers, and such as could most easily leave the city but it was no easy matter to find so many just then, because there were twenty ships out on a cruise and they had taken all the rowers with them and these would not have been found were it not that their master remained at home that summer without going to sea in order to finish a galliot that he had upon the stocks.
To these men I said nothing more than that the next Friday in the evening they were to come out stealthily one by one and hang about Hadji Morato's garden, waiting for me there until I came. These directions I gave each one separately, with orders that if they saw any other Christians there they were not to say anything to them except that I had directed them to wait at that spot.
This preliminary having been settled, another still more necessary step had to be taken, which was to let Zoraida know how matters stood that she might be prepared and forewarned, so as not to be taken by surprise if we were suddenly to seize upon her before she thought the Christians' vessel could have returned.
The first person I met was her father, who addressed me in the language that all over Barbary and even in Constantinople is the medium between captives and Moors, and is neither Morisco nor Castilian, nor of any other nation, but a mixture of all languages, by means of which we can all understand one another.
In this sort of language, I say, he asked me what I wanted in his garden, and to whom I belonged. I replied that I was a slave of the Arnaut Mami (for I knew as a certainty that he was a very great friend of his), and that I wanted some herbs to make a salad.
While these questions and answers were proceeding, the fair Zoraida, who had already perceived me some time before, came out of the house in the garden, and as Moorish women are by no means particular about letting themselves be seen by Christians, or, as I have said before, at all coy, she had no hesitation in coming to where her father stood with me moreover her father, seeing her approaching slowly, called to her to come.
It would be beyond my power now to describe to you the great beauty, the highbred air, the brilliant attire of my beloved Zoraida as she presented herself before my eyes. I will content myself with saying that more pearls hung from her fair neck, her ears, and her hair than she had hairs on her head.
On her ankles, which as is customary were bare, she had carcajes (for so bracelets or anklets are called in Morisco) of the purest gold, set with so many diamonds that she told me afterwards her father valued them at ten thousand doubloons, and those she had on her wrists were worth as much more.
The pearls were in profusion and very fine, for the highest display and adornment of the Moorish women is decking themselves with rich pearls and seedpearls and of these there are therefore more among the Moors than among any other people. Zoraida's father had to the reputation of possessing a great number, and the purest in all Algiers, and of possessing also more than two hundred thousand Spanish crowns and she, who is now mistress of me only, was mistress of all this.
Whether thus adorned she would have been beautiful or not, and what she must have been in her prosperity, may be imagined from the beauty remaining to her after so many hardships for, as everyone knows, the beauty of some women has its times and its seasons, and is increased or diminished by chance causes and naturally the emotions of the mind will heighten or impair it, though indeed more frequently they totally destroy it.
In a word she presented herself before me that day attired with the utmost splendour, and supremely beautiful at any rate, she seemed to me the most beautiful object I had ever seen and when, besides, I thought of all I owed to her I felt as though I had before me some heavenly being come to earth to bring me relief and happiness.
As she approached her father told her in his own language that I was a captive belonging to his friend the Arnaut Mami, and that I had come for salad. She took up the conversation, and in that mixture of tongues I have spoken of she asked me if I was a gentleman, and why I was not ransomed.
I answered that I was already ransomed, and that by the price it might be seen what value my master set on me, as they had given one thousand five hundred zoltanis for me to which she replied, 'Hadst thou been my father's, I can tell thee, I would not have let him part with thee for twice as much, for you Christians always tell lies about yourselves and make yourselves out poor to cheat the Moors.
'That may be, lady, said I 'but indeed I dealt truthfully with my master, as I do and mean to do with everybody in the world. 'And when dost thou go? said Zoraida. 'Tomorrow, I think, said I, 'for there is a vessel here from France which sails tomorrow, and I think I shall go in her.
'No, said I 'though if there were intelligence that a vessel were now coming from Spain it is true I might, perhaps, wait for it however, it is more likely I shall depart tomorrow, for the longing I feel to return to my country and to those I love is so great that it will not allow me to wait for another opportunity, however more convenient, if it be delayed.
'No doubt thou art married in thine own country, said Zoraida, 'and for that reason thou art anxious to go and see thy wife. 'I am not married, I replied, 'but I have given my promise to marry on my arrival there. 'And is the lady beautiful to whom thou hast given it?
said Zoraida. 'So beautiful, said I, 'that, to describe her worthily and tell thee the truth, she is very like thee. At this her father laughed very heartily and said, 'By Allah, Christian, she must be very beautiful if she is like my daughter, who is the most beautiful woman in all this kingdom only look at her well and thou wilt see I am telling the truth.
Zoraida's father as the better linguist helped to interpret most of these words and phrases, for though she spoke the bastard language, that, as I have said, is employed there, she expressed her meaning more by signs than by words. While we were still engaged in this conversation, a Moor came running up, exclaiming that four Turks had leaped over the fence or wall of the garden, and were gathering the fruit though it was not yet ripe.
The old man was alarmed and Zoraida too, for the Moors commonly, and, so to speak, instinctively have a dread of the Turks, but particularly of the soldiers, who are so insolent and domineering to the Moors who are under their power that they treat them worse than if they were their slaves.
I bowed, and he went away to look for the Turks, leaving me alone with Zoraida, who made as if she were about to retire as her father bade her but the moment he was concealed by the trees of the garden, turning to me with her eyes full of tears she said, 'Tameji, cristiano, tameji?
that is to say, 'Art thou going, Christian, art thou going? I made answer, 'Yes, lady, but not without thee, come what may be on the watch for me on the next Juma, and be not alarmed when thou seest us for most surely we shall go to the land of the Christians.
Her father came running up to where we were, and seeing his daughter in this state asked what was the matter with her she, however, giving no answer, he said, 'No doubt she has fainted in alarm at the entrance of those dogs, and taking her from mine he drew her to his own breast, while she sighing, her eyes still wet with tears, said again, 'Ameji, cristiano, ameji'Go, Christian, go.
To this her father replied, 'There is no need, daughter, for the Christian to go, for he has done thee no harm, and the Turks have now gone feel no alarm, there is nothing to hurt thee, for as I say, the Turks at my request have gone back the way they came.
'It was they who terrified her, as thou hast said, seor, said I to her father 'but since she tells me to go, I have no wish to displease her peace be with thee, and with thy leave I will come back to this garden for herbs if need be, for my master says there are nowhere better herbs for salad than here.
'Come back for any thou hast need of, replied Hadji Morato 'for my daughter does not speak thus because she is displeased with thee or any Christian she only meant that the Turks should go, not thou or that it was time for thee to look for thy herbs. With this I at once took my leave of both and she, looking as though her heart were breaking, retired with her father.
Having done so I went and gave an account of all that had taken place to the renegade and my comrades, and looked forward with impatience to the hour when, all fear at an end, I should find myself in possession of the prize which fortune held out to me in the fair and lovely Zoraida.
The time passed at length, and the appointed day we so longed for arrived and, all following out the arrangement and plan which, after careful consideration and many a long discussion, we had decided upon, we succeeded as fully as we could have wished for on the Friday following the day upon which I spoke to Zoraida in the garden, the renegade anchored his vessel at nightfall almost opposite the spot where she was.
The Christians who were to row were ready and in hiding in different places round about, all waiting for me, anxious and elated, and eager to attack the vessel they had before their eyes for they did not know the renegade's plan, but expected that they were to gain their liberty by force of arms and by killing the Moors who were on board the vessel.
When we were collected together we debated whether it would be better first to go for Zoraida, or to make prisoners of the Moorish rowers who rowed in the vessel but while we were still uncertain our renegade came up asking us what kept us, as it was now the time, and all the Moors were off their guard and most of them asleep.
We all approved of what he said, and so without further delay, guided by him we made for the vessel, and he leaping on board first, drew his cutlass and said in Morisco, 'Let no one stir from this if he does not want it to cost him his life.
By this almost all the Christians were on board, and the Moors, who were fainthearted, hearing their captain speak in this way, were cowed, and without any one of them taking to his arms (and indeed they had few or hardly any) they submitted without saying a word to be bound by the Christians, who quickly secured them, threatening them that if they raised any kind of outcry they would be all put to the sword.
This having been accomplished, and half of our party being left to keep guard over them, the rest of us, again taking the renegade as our guide, hastened towards Hadji Morato's garden, and as good luck would have it, on trying the gate it opened as easily as if it had not been locked and so, quite quietly and in silence, we reached the house without being perceived by anybody.
The lovely Zoraida was watching for us at a window, and as soon as she perceived that there were people there, she asked in a low voice if we were 'Nizarani, as much as to say or ask if we were Christians. I answered that we were, and begged her to come down.
The moment I saw her I took her hand and kissed it, and the renegade and my two comrades did the same and the rest, who knew nothing of the circumstances, did as they saw us do, for it only seemed as if we were returning thanks to her, and recognising her as the giver of our liberty.
'Nay, said she, 'my father must not on any account be touched, and there is nothing in the house except what I shall take, and that will be quite enough to enrich and satisfy all of you wait a little and you shall see, and so saying she went in, telling us she would return immediately and bidding us keep quiet without making any noise.
I asked the renegade what had passed between them, and when he told me, I declared that nothing should be done except in accordance with the wishes of Zoraida, who now came back with a little trunk so full of gold crowns that she could scarcely carry it. Unfortunately her father awoke while this was going on, and hearing a noise in the garden, came to the window, and at once perceiving that all those who were there were Christians, raising a prodigiously loud outcry, he began to call out in Arabic, 'Christians, Christians!
by which cries we were all thrown into the greatest fear and embarrassment but the renegade seeing the danger we were in and how important it was for him to effect his purpose before we were heard, mounted with the utmost quickness to where Hadji Morato was, and with him went some of our party I, however, did not dare to leave Zoraida, who had fallen almost fainting in my arms.
To be brief, those who had gone upstairs acted so promptly that in an instant they came down, carrying Hadji Morato with his hands bound and a napkin tied over his mouth, which prevented him from uttering a word, warning him at the same time that to attempt to speak would cost him his life.
When his daughter caught sight of him she covered her eyes so as not to see him, and her father was horrorstricken, not knowing how willingly she had placed herself in our hands. But it was now most essential for us to be on the move, and carefully and quickly we regained the vessel, where those who had remained on board were waiting for us in apprehension of some mishap having befallen us.
It was barely two hours after night set in when we were all on board the vessel, where the cords were removed from the hands of Zoraida's father, and the napkin from his mouth but the renegade once more told him not to utter a word, or they would take his life.
He, when he saw his daughter there, began to sigh piteously, and still more when he perceived that I held her closely embraced and that she lay quiet without resisting or complaining, or showing any reluctance nevertheless he remained silent lest they should carry into effect the repeated threats the renegade had addressed to him.
Finding herself now on board, and that we were about to give way with the oars, Zoraida, seeing her father there, and the other Moors bound, bade the renegade ask me to do her the favour of releasing the Moors and setting her father at liberty, for she would rather drown herself in the sea than suffer a father that had loved her so dearly to be carried away captive before her eyes and on her account.
The renegade repeated this to me, and I replied that I was very willing to do so but he replied that it was not advisable, because if they were left there they would at once raise the country and stir up the city, and lead to the despatch of swift cruisers in pursuit, and our being taken, by sea or land, without any possibility of escape and that all that could be done was to set them free on the first Christian ground we reached.
On this point we all agreed and Zoraida, to whom it was explained, together with the reasons that prevented us from doing at once what she desired, was satisfied likewise and then in glad silence and with cheerful alacrity each of our stout rowers took his oar, and commending ourselves to God with all our hearts, we began to shape our course for the island of Majorca, the nearest Christian land.
Owing, however, to the Tramontana rising a little, and the sea growing somewhat rough, it was impossible for us to keep a straight course for Majorca, and we were compelled to coast in the direction of Oran, not without great uneasiness on our part lest we should be observed from the town of Shershel, which lies on that coast, not more than sixty miles from Algiers.
Moreover we were afraid of meeting on that course one of the galliots that usually come with goods from Tetuan although each of us for himself and all of us together felt confident that, if we were to meet a merchant galliot, so that it were not a cruiser, not only should we not be lost, but that we should take a vessel in which we could more safely accomplish our voyage.
As we pursued our course Zoraida kept her head between my hands so as not to see her father, and I felt that she was praying to Lela Marien to help us. We might have made about thirty miles when daybreak found us some three musketshots off the land, which seemed to us deserted, and without anyone to see us.
For all that, however, by hard rowing we put out a little to sea, for it was now somewhat calmer, and having gained about two leagues the word was given to row by batches, while we ate something, for the vessel was well provided but the rowers said it was not a time to take any rest let food be served out to those who were not rowing, but they would not leave their oars on any account.
This was done, but now a stiff breeze began to blow, which obliged us to leave off rowing and make sail at once and steer for Oran, as it was impossible to make any other course. All this was done very promptly, and under sail we ran more than eight miles an hour without any fear, except that of coming across some vessel out on a roving expedition.
As he said this he began to weep so bitterly that he filled us all with compassion and forced Zoraida to look at him, and when she saw him weeping she was so moved that she rose from my feet and ran to throw her arms round him, and pressing her face to his, they both gave way to such an outburst of tears that several of us were constrained to keep them company.
Last night, before this terrible misfortune in which we are plunged befell us, I saw thee in thy everyday and indoor garments and now, without having had time to attire thyself, and without my bringing thee any joyful tidings to furnish an occasion for adorning and bedecking thyself, I see thee arrayed in the finest attire it would be in my power to give thee when fortune was most kind to us.
But when he observed in one corner of the vessel the little trunk in which she used to keep her jewels, which he well knew he had left in Algiers and had not brought to the garden, he was still more amazed, and asked her how that trunk had come into our hands, and what there was in it.
To which the renegade, without waiting for Zoraida to reply, made answer, 'Do not trouble thyself by asking thy daughter Zoraida so many questions, seor, for the one answer I will give thee will serve for all I would have thee know that she is a Christian, and that it is she who has been the file for our chains and our deliverer from captivity.
She is here of her own free will, as glad, I imagine, to find herself in this position as he who escapes from darkness into the light, from death to life, and from suffering to glory. 'Daughter, is this true, what he says? cried the Moor. 'It is, replied Zoraida.
'That thou art in truth a Christian, said the old man, 'and that thou hast given thy father into the power of his enemies? To which Zoraida made answer, 'A Christian I am, but it is not I who have placed thee in this position, for it never was my wish to leave thee or do thee harm, but only to do good to myself.
'And what good hast thou done thyself, daughter? said he. 'Ask thou that, said she, 'of Lela Marien, for she can tell thee better than I. The Moor had hardly heard these words when with marvellous quickness he flung himself headforemost into the sea, where no doubt he would have been drowned had not the long and full dress he wore held him up for a little on the surface of the water.
Zoraida cried aloud to us to save him, and we all hastened to help, and seizing him by his robe we drew him in half drowned and insensible, at which Zoraida was in such distress that she wept over him as piteously and bitterly as though he were already dead.
We posted a lookout on shore, and never let the oars out of our hands, and ate of the stores the renegade had laid in, imploring God and Our Lady with all our hearts to help and protect us, that we might give a happy ending to a beginning so prosperous.
At the entreaty of Zoraida orders were given to set on shore her father and the other Moors who were still bound, for she could not endure, nor could her tender heart bear to see her father in bonds and her fellowcountrymen prisoners before her eyes. We promised her to do this at the moment of departure, for as it was uninhabited we ran no risk in releasing them at that place.
Seeing this we unbound the Moors, and one by one put them on shore, at which they were filled with amazement but when we came to land Zoraida's father, who had now completely recovered his senses, he said 'Why is it, think ye, Christians, that this wicked woman is rejoiced at your giving me my liberty?
Think ye it is because of the affection she bears me? Nay verily, it is only because of the hindrance my presence offers to the execution of her base designs. And think not that it is her belief that yours is better than ours that has led her to change her religion it is only because she knows that immodesty is more freely practised in your country than in ours.
Then turning to Zoraida, while I and another of the Christians held him fast by both arms, lest he should do some mad act, he said to her, 'Infamous girl, misguided maiden, whither in thy blindness and madness art thou going in the hands of these dogs, our natural enemies?
But seeing that he was not likely soon to cease I made haste to put him on shore, and thence he continued his maledictions and lamentations aloud calling on Mohammed to pray to Allah to destroy us, to confound us, to make an end of us and when, in consequence of having made sail, we could no longer hear what he said we could see what he did how he plucked out his beard and tore his hair and lay writhing on the ground.
But once he raised his voice to such a pitch that we were able to hear what he said. 'Come back, dear daughter, come back to shore I forgive thee all let those men have the money, for it is theirs now, and come back to comfort thy sorrowing father, who will yield up his life on this barren strand if thou dost leave him.
Allah knows that I could not do otherwise than I have done, and that these Christians owe nothing to my will for even had I wished not to accompany them, but remain at home, it would have been impossible for me, so eagerly did my soul urge me on to the accomplishment of this purpose, which I feel to be as righteous as to thee, dear father, it seems wicked.
But neither could her father hear her nor we see him when she said this and so, while I consoled Zoraida, we turned our attention to our voyage, in which a breeze from the right point so favoured us that we made sure of finding ourselves off the coast of Spain on the morrow by daybreak.
Acting on this warning no one answered a word, but after we had gone a little ahead, and the vessel was now lying to leeward, suddenly they fired two guns, and apparently both loaded with chainshot, for with one they cut our mast in half and brought down both it and the sail into the sea, and the other, discharged at the same moment, sent a ball into our vessel amidships, staving her in completely, but without doing any further damage.
They then lay to, and lowering a skiff or boat, as many as a dozen Frenchmen, well armed with matchlocks, and their matches burning, got into it and came alongside and seeing how few we were, and that our vessel was going down, they took us in, telling us that this had come to us through our incivility in not giving them an answer.
In short we went on board with the Frenchmen, who, after having ascertained all they wanted to know about us, rifled us of everything we had, as if they had been our bitterest enemies, and from Zoraida they took even the anklets she wore on her feet but the distress they caused her did not distress me so much as the fear I was in that from robbing her of her rich and precious jewels they would proceed to rob her of the most precious jewel that she valued more than all.
So they agreed by common consent to give us the skiff belonging to their ship and all we required for the short voyage that remained to us, and this they did the next day on coming in sight of the Spanish coast, with which, and the joy we felt, all our sufferings and miseries were as completely forgotten as if they had never been endured by us, such is the delight of recovering lost liberty.
It may have been about midday when they placed us in the boat, giving us two kegs of water and some biscuit and the captain, moved by I know not what compassion, as the lovely Zoraida was about to embark, gave her some forty gold crowns, and would not permit his men to take from her those same garments which she has on now.
We got into the boat, returning them thanks for their kindness to us, and showing ourselves grateful rather than indignant. They stood out to sea, steering for the straits we, without looking to any compass save the land we had before us, set ourselves to row with such energy that by sunset we were so near that we might easily, we thought, land before the night was far advanced.
But of the conflicting counsels the one which was adopted was that we should approach gradually, and land where we could if the sea were calm enough to permit us. This was done, and a little before midnight we drew near to the foot of a huge and lofty mountain, not so close to the sea but that it left a narrow space on which to land conveniently.
We took out of the boat the provisions it contained, and drew it up on the shore, and then climbed a long way up the mountain, for even there we could not feel easy in our hearts, or persuade ourselves that it was Christian soil that was now under our feet.
The dawn came, more slowly, I think, than we could have wished we completed the ascent in order to see if from the summit any habitation or any shepherds' huts could be discovered, but strain our eyes as we might, neither dwelling, nor human being, nor path nor road could we perceive.
But what distressed me most was to see Zoraida going on foot over that rough ground for though I once carried her on my shoulders, she was more wearied by my weariness than rested by the rest and so she would never again allow me to undergo the exertion, and went on very patiently and cheerfully, while I led her by the hand.
We had gone rather less than a quarter of a league when the sound of a little bell fell on our ears, a clear proof that there were flocks hard by, and looking about carefully to see if any were within view, we observed a young shepherd tranquilly and unsuspiciously trimming a stick with his knife at the foot of a cork tree.
We called to him, and he, raising his head, sprang nimbly to his feet, for, as we afterwards learned, the first who presented themselves to his sight were the renegade and Zoraida, and seeing them in Moorish dress he imagined that all the Moors of Barbary were upon him and plunging with marvellous swiftness into the thicket in front of him, he began to raise a prodigious outcry, exclaiming, 'The Moorsthe Moors have landed!
As soon as we saw them we stood still, waiting for them but as they came close and, instead of the Moors they were in quest of, saw a set of poor Christians, they were taken aback, and one of them asked if it could be we who were the cause of the shepherd having raised the call to arms.
The Christian captive had hardly uttered these words, when the horseman threw himself off his horse, and ran to embrace the young man, crying 'Nephew of my soul and life! I recognise thee now and long have I mourned thee as dead, I, and my sister, thy mother, and all thy kin that are still alive, and whom God has been pleased to preserve that they may enjoy the happiness of seeing thee.
We knew long since that thou wert in Algiers, and from the appearance of thy garments and those of all this company, I conclude that ye have had a miraculous restoration to liberty. 'It is true, replied the young man, 'and byandby we will tell you all. As soon as the horsemen understood that we were Christian captives, they dismounted from their horses, and each offered his to carry us to the city of Velez Malaga, which was a league and a half distant.
Some of them went to bring the boat to the city, we having told them where we had left it others took us up behind them, and Zoraida was placed on the horse of the young man's uncle. The whole town came out to meet us, for they had by this time heard of our arrival from one who had gone on in advance.
We told her they were her images and as well as he could the renegade explained to her what they meant, that she might adore them as if each of them were the very same Lela Marien that had spoken to her and she, having great intelligence and a quick and clear instinct, understood at once all he said to her about them.
Thence they took us away and distributed us all in different houses in the town but as for the renegade, Zoraida, and myself, the Christian who came with us brought us to the house of his parents, who had a fair share of the gifts of fortune, and treated us with as much kindness as they did their own son.
I have no more of my story to tell you, gentlemen whether it be an interesting or a curious one let your better judgments decide all I can say is I would gladly have told it to you more briefly although my fear of wearying you has made me leave out more than one circumstance.
The whole story is curious and uncommon, and abounds with incidents that fill the hearers with wonder and astonishment and so great is the pleasure we have found in listening to it that we should be glad if it were to begin again, even though tomorrow were to find us still occupied with the same tale.
In particular Don Fernando offered, if he would go back with him, to get his brother the marquis to become godfather at the baptism of Zoraida, and on his own part to provide him with the means of making his appearance in his own country with the credit and comfort he was entitled to.
For all this the captive returned thanks very courteously, although he would not accept any of their generous offers. By this time night closed in, and as it did, there came up to the inn a coach attended by some men on horseback, who demanded accommodation to which the landlady replied that there was not a hand's breadth of the whole inn unoccupied.
At this name the landlady was taken aback, and said, 'Seor, the fact is I have no beds but if his lordship the Judge carries one with him, as no doubt he does, let him come in and welcome for my husband and I will give up our room to accommodate his worship.
'Very good, so be it, said the squire but in the meantime a man had got out of the coach whose dress indicated at a glance the office and post he held, for the long robe with ruffled sleeves that he wore showed that he was, as his servant said, a Judge of appeal.
He led by the hand a young girl in a travelling dress, apparently about sixteen years of age, and of such a highbred air, so beautiful and so graceful, that all were filled with admiration when she made her appearance, and but for having seen Dorothea, Luscinda, and Zoraida, who were there in the inn, they would have fancied that a beauty like that of this maiden's would have been hard to find.
The Judge was struck with amazement at the language of Don Quixote, whom he scrutinized very carefully, no less astonished by his figure than by his talk and before he could find words to answer him he had a fresh surprise, when he saw opposite to him Luscinda, Dorothea, and Zoraida, who, having heard of the new guests and of the beauty of the young lady, had come to see her and welcome her Don Fernando, Cardenio, and the curate, however, greeted him in a more intelligible and polished style.
The captive, whose heart had leaped within him the instant he saw the Judge, telling him somehow that this was his brother, asked one of the servants who accompanied him what his name was, and whether he knew from what part of the country he came. The servant replied that he was called the Licentiate Juan Perez de Viedma, and that he had heard it said he came from a village in the mountains of Leon.
From this statement, and what he himself had seen, he felt convinced that this was his brother who had adopted letters by his father's advice and excited and rejoiced, he called Don Fernando and Cardenio and the curate aside, and told them how the matter stood, assuring them that the judge was his brother.
The servant had further informed him that he was now going to the Indies with the appointment of Judge of the Supreme Court of Mexico and he had learned, likewise, that the young lady was his daughter, whose mother had died in giving birth to her, and that he was very rich in consequence of the dowry left to him with the daughter.
'Leave it to me to find out that, said the curate 'though there is no reason for supposing, seor captain, that you will not be kindly received, because the worth and wisdom that your brother's bearing shows him to possess do not make it likely that he will prove haughty or insensible, or that he will not know how to estimate the accidents of fortune at their proper value.
'Still, said the captain, 'I would not make myself known abruptly, but in some indirect way. 'I have told you already, said the curate, 'that I will manage it in a way to satisfy us all. By this time supper was ready, and they all took their seats at the table, except the captive, and the ladies, who supped by themselves in their own room.
In the middle of supper the curate said 'I had a comrade of your worship's name, Seor Judge, in Constantinople, where I was a captive for several years, and that same comrade was one of the stoutest soldiers and captains in the whole Spanish infantry but he had as large a share of misfortune as he had of gallantry and courage.
'He was called Ruy Perez de Viedma, replied the curate, 'and he was born in a village in the mountains of Leon and he mentioned a circumstance connected with his father and his brothers which, had it not been told me by so truthful a man as he was, I should have set down as one of those fables the old women tell over the fire in winter for he said his father had divided his property among his three sons and had addressed words of advice to them sounder than any of Cato's.
I lost mine at the Goletta, and after a variety of adventures we found ourselves comrades at Constantinople. Thence he went to Algiers, where he met with one of the most extraordinary adventures that ever befell anyone in the world. Here the curate went on to relate briefly his brother's adventure with Zoraida to all which the Judge gave such an attentive hearing that he never before had been so much of a hearer.
The curate, however, only went so far as to describe how the Frenchmen plundered those who were in the boat, and the poverty and distress in which his comrade and the fair Moor were left, of whom he said he had not been able to learn what became of them, or whether they had reached Spain, or been carried to France by the Frenchmen.
The captain, standing a little to one side, was listening to all the curate said, and watching every movement of his brother, who, as soon as he perceived the curate had made an end of his story, gave a deep sigh and said with his eyes full of tears, 'Oh, seor, if you only knew what news you have given me and how it comes home to me, making me show how I feel it with these tears that spring from my eyes in spite of all my worldly wisdom and selfrestraint!
That brave captain that you speak of is my eldest brother, who, being of a bolder and loftier mind than my other brother or myself, chose the honourable and worthy calling of arms, which was one of the three careers our father proposed to us, as your comrade mentioned in that fable you thought he was telling you.
My second brother is in Peru, so wealthy that with what he has sent to my father and to me he has fully repaid the portion he took with him, and has even furnished my father's hands with the means of gratifying his natural generosity, while I too have been enabled to pursue my studies in a more becoming and creditable fashion, and so to attain my present standing.
All this will make me continue my journey, not with the satisfaction in which I began it, but in the deepest melancholy and sadness. Oh dear brother! that I only knew where thou art now, and I would hasten to seek thee out and deliver thee from thy sufferings, though it were to cost me suffering myself!
Oh that I could bring news to our old father that thou art alive, even wert thou in the deepest dungeon of Barbary for his wealth and my brother's and mine would rescue thee thence! Oh beautiful and generous Zoraida, that I could repay thy goodness to a brother! That I could be present at the new birth of thy soul, and at thy bridal that would give us all such happiness!
The curate, seeing, then, how well he had succeeded in carrying out his purpose and the captain's wishes, had no desire to keep them unhappy any longer, so he rose from the table and going into the room where Zoraida was he took her by the hand, Luscinda, Dorothea, and the Judge's daughter following her.
The captain was waiting to see what the curate would do, when the latter, taking him with the other hand, advanced with both of them to where the Judge and the other gentlemen were and said, 'Let your tears cease to flow, Seor Judge, and the wish of your heart be gratified as fully as you could desire, for you have before you your worthy brother and your good sisterinlaw.
The captain ran to embrace his brother, who placed both hands on his breast so as to have a good look at him, holding him a little way off but as soon as he had fully recognised him he clasped him in his arms so closely, shedding such tears of heartfelt joy, that most of those present could not but join in them.
They told each other in a few words the events of their lives they showed the true affection of brothers in all its strength then the judge embraced Zoraida, putting all he possessed at her disposal then he made his daughter embrace her, and the fair Christian and the lovely Moor drew fresh tears from every eye.
Then they agreed that the captain and Zoraida should return with his brother to Seville, and send news to his father of his having been delivered and found, so as to enable him to come and be present at the marriage and baptism of Zoraida, for it was impossible for the Judge to put off his journey, as he was informed that in a month from that time the fleet was to sail from Seville for New Spain, and to miss the passage would have been a great inconvenience to him.
In short, everybody was well pleased and glad at the captive's good fortune and as now almost twothirds of the night were past, they resolved to retire to rest for the remainder of it. Don Quixote offered to mount guard over the castle lest they should be attacked by some giant or other malevolent scoundrel, covetous of the great treasure of beauty the castle contained.
Those who understood him returned him thanks for this service, and they gave the Judge an account of his extraordinary humour, with which he was not a little amused. Sancho Panza alone was fuming at the lateness of the hour for retiring to rest and he of all was the one that made himself most comfortable, as he stretched himself on the trappings of his ass, which, as will be told farther on, cost him so dear.
It happened, however, that a little before the approach of dawn a voice so musical and sweet reached the ears of the ladies that it forced them all to listen attentively, but especially Dorothea, who had been awake, and by whose side Doa Clara de Viedma, for so the Judge's daughter was called, lay sleeping.
At one moment it seemed to them as if the singer were in the courtyard, at another in the stable and as they were all attention, wondering, Cardenio came to the door and said, 'Listen, whoever is not asleep, and you will hear a muleteer's voice that enchants as it chants.
'We are listening to it already, seor, said Dorothea on which Cardenio went away and Dorothea, giving all her attention to it, made out the words of the song to be these Ah me, Love's mariner am I On Love's deep ocean sailing I know not where the haven lies, I dare not hope to gain it.
One solitary distant star Is all I have to guide me, A brighter orb than those of old That Palinurus lighted. And vaguely drifting am I borne, I know not where it leads me I fix my gaze on it alone, Of all beside it heedless. But overcautious prudery, And coyness cold and cruel, When most I need it, these, like clouds, Its longedfor light refuse me.
The singer had got so far when it struck Dorothea that it was not fair to let Clara miss hearing such a sweet voice, so, shaking her from side to side, she woke her, saying 'Forgive me, child, for waking thee, but I do so that thou mayest have the pleasure of hearing the best voice thou hast ever heard, perhaps, in all thy life.
Clara awoke quite drowsy, and not understanding at the moment what Dorothea said, asked her what it was she repeated what she had said, and Clara became attentive at once but she had hardly heard two lines, as the singer continued, when a strange trembling seized her, as if she were suffering from a severe attack of quartan ague, and throwing her arms round Dorothea she said 'Ah, dear lady of my soul and life!
why did you wake me? The greatest kindness fortune could do me now would be to close my eyes and ears so as neither to see or hear that unhappy musician. 'What art thou talking about, child? said Dorothea. 'Why, they say this singer is a muleteer! 'Nay, he is the lord of many places, replied Clara, 'and that one in my heart which he holds so firmly shall never be taken from him, unless he be willing to surrender it.
Dorothea was amazed at the ardent language of the girl, for it seemed to be far beyond such experience of life as her tender years gave any promise of, so she said to her 'You speak in such a way that I cannot understand you, Seora Clara explain yourself more clearly, and tell me what is this you are saying about hearts and places and this musician whose voice has so moved you?
'Let him, in Heaven's name, returned Clara and not to hear him she stopped both ears with her hands, at which Dorothea was again surprised but turning her attention to the song she found that it ran in this fashion Sweet Hope, my stay, That onward to the goal of thy intent Dost make thy way, Heedless of hindrance or impediment, Have thou no fear If at each step thou findest death is near.
No victory, No joy of triumph doth the faint heart know Unblest is he That a bold front to Fortune dares not show, But soul and sense In bondage yieldeth up to indolence. If Love his wares Do dearly sell, his right must be contest What gold compares With that whereon his stamp he hath imprest?
And all men know What costeth little that we rate but low. Love resolute Knows not the word 'impossibility And though my suit Beset by endless obstacles I see, Yet no despair Shall hold me bound to earth while heaven is there. Here the voice ceased and Clara's sobs began afresh, all which excited Dorothea's curiosity to know what could be the cause of singing so sweet and weeping so bitter, so she again asked her what it was she was going to say before.
Meanwhile the time for my father's departure arrived, which he became aware of, but not from me, for I had never been able to tell him of it. He fell sick, of grief I believe, and so the day we were going away I could not see him to take farewell of him, were it only with the eyes.
But after we had been two days on the road, on entering the posada of a village a day's journey from this, I saw him at the inn door in the dress of a muleteer, and so well disguised, that if I did not carry his image graven on my heart it would have been impossible for me to recognise him.
But I knew him, and I was surprised, and glad he watched me, unsuspected by my father, from whom he always hides himself when he crosses my path on the road, or in the posadas where we halt and, as I know what he is, and reflect that for love of me he makes this journey on foot in all this hardship, I am ready to die of sorrow and where he sets foot there I set my eyes.
And moreover, I can tell you, all that he sings is out of his own head for I have heard them say he is a great scholar and poet and what is more, every time I see him or hear him sing I tremble all over, and am terrified lest my father should recognise him and come to know of our loves.
I have never spoken a word to him in my life and for all that I love him so that I could not live without him. This, dear seora, is all I have to tell you about the musician whose voice has delighted you so much and from it alone you might easily perceive he is no muleteer, but a lord of hearts and towns, as I told you already.
'Say no more, Doa Clara, said Dorothea at this, at the same time kissing her a thousand times over, 'say no more, I tell you, but wait till day comes when I trust in God to arrange this affair of yours so that it may have the happy ending such an innocent beginning deserves.
'Ah, seora, said Doa Clara, 'what end can be hoped for when his father is of such lofty position, and so wealthy, that he would think I was not fit to be even a servant to his son, much less wife? And as to marrying without the knowledge of my father, I would not do it for all the world.
I would not ask anything more than that this youth should go back and leave me perhaps with not seeing him, and the long distance we shall have to travel, the pain I suffer now may become easier though I daresay the remedy I propose will do me very little good.
I don't know how the devil this has come about, or how this love I have for him got in I such a young girl, and he such a mere boy for I verily believe we are both of an age, and I am not sixteen yet for I will be sixteen Michaelmas Day, next, my father says.
Dorothea could not help laughing to hear how like a child Doa Clara spoke. 'Let us go to sleep now, seora, said she, 'for the little of the night that I fancy is left to us God will soon send us daylight, and we will set all to rights, or it will go hard with me.
The only persons not asleep were the landlady's daughter and her servant Maritornes, who, knowing the weak point of Don Quixote's humour, and that he was outside the inn mounting guard in armour and on horseback, resolved, the pair of them, to play some trick upon him, or at any rate to amuse themselves for a while by listening to his nonsense.
At this hole the two demidamsels posted themselves, and observed Don Quixote on his horse, leaning on his pike and from time to time sending forth such deep and doleful sighs, that he seemed to pluck up his soul by the roots with each of them and they could hear him, too, saying in a soft, tender, loving tone, 'Oh my lady Dulcinea del Toboso, perfection of all beauty, summit and crown of discretion, treasure house of grace, depositary of virtue, and finally, ideal of all that is good, honourable, and delectable in this world!
Perhaps at this moment, envious of hers, thou art regarding her, either as she paces to and fro some gallery of her sumptuous palaces, or leans over some balcony, meditating how, whilst preserving her purity and greatness, she may mitigate the tortures this wretched heart of mine endures for her sake, what glory should recompense my sufferings, what repose my toil, and lastly what death my life, and what reward my services?
'Only one of your fair hands, said Maritornes, 'to enable her to vent over it the great passion, passion which has brought her to this loophole, so much to the risk of her honour for if the lord her father had heard her, the least slice he would cut off her would be her ear.
I present it to you, not that you may kiss it, but that you may observe the contexture of the sinews, the close network of the muscles, the breadth and capacity of the veins, whence you may infer what must be the strength of the arm that has such a hand.
Don Quixote, feeling the roughness of the rope on his wrist, exclaimed, 'Your grace seems to be grating rather than caressing my hand treat it not so harshly, for it is not to blame for the offence my resolution has given you, nor is it just to wreak all your vengeance on so small a part remember that one who loves so well should not revenge herself so cruelly.
He was, as has been said, standing on Rocinante, with his arm passed through the hole and his wrist tied to the bolt of the door, and in mighty fear and dread of being left hanging by the arm if Rocinante were to stir one side or the other so he did not dare to make the least movement, although from the patience and imperturbable disposition of Rocinante, he had good reason to expect that he would stand without budging for a whole century.
Nevertheless he pulled his arm to see if he could release himself, but it had been made so fast that all his efforts were in vain. It is true he pulled it gently lest Rocinante should move, but try as he might to seat himself in the saddle, he had nothing for it but to stand upright or pull his hand off.
They called out and knocked loudly at the gate of the inn, which was still shut on seeing which, Don Quixote, even there where he was, did not forget to act as sentinel, and said in a loud and imperious tone, 'Knights, or squires, or whatever ye be, ye have no right to knock at the gates of this castle for it is plain enough that they who are within are either asleep, or else are not in the habit of throwing open the fortress until the sun's rays are spread over the whole surface of the earth.
Withdraw to a distance, and wait till it is broad daylight, and then we shall see whether it will be proper or not to open to you. 'What the devil fortress or castle is this, said one, 'to make us stand on such ceremony? If you are the innkeeper bid them open to us we are travellers who only want to feed our horses and go on, for we are in haste.
'Do you think, gentlemen, that I look like an innkeeper? said Don Quixote. 'I don't know what you look like, replied the other 'but I know that you are talking nonsense when you call this inn a castle. 'A castle it is, returned Don Quixote, 'nay, more, one of the best in this whole province, and it has within it people who have had the sceptre in the hand and the crown on the head.
'It would be better if it were the other way, said the traveller, 'the sceptre on the head and the crown in the hand but if so, maybe there is within some company of players, with whom it is a common thing to have those crowns and sceptres you speak of for in such a small inn as this, and where such silence is kept, I do not believe any people entitled to crowns and sceptres can have taken up their quarters.
'You know but little of the world, returned Don Quixote, 'since you are ignorant of what commonly occurs in knighterrantry. But the comrades of the spokesman, growing weary of the dialogue with Don Quixote, renewed their knocks with great vehemence, so much so that the host, and not only he but everybody in the inn, awoke, and he got up to ask who knocked.
It happened at this moment that one of the horses of the four who were seeking admittance went to smell Rocinante, who melancholy, dejected, and with drooping ears stood motionless, supporting his sorely stretched master and as he was, after all, flesh, though he looked as if he were made of wood, he could not help giving way and in return smelling the one who had come to offer him attentions.
Maritornes, who had been by this time roused up by the same outcry, suspecting what it was, ran to the loft and, without anyone seeing her, untied the halter by which Don Quixote was suspended, and down he came to the ground in the sight of the landlord and the travellers, who approaching asked him what was the matter with him that he shouted so.
He without replying a word took the rope off his wrist, and rising to his feet leaped upon Rocinante, braced his buckler on his arm, put his lance in rest, and making a considerable circuit of the plain came back at a halfgallop exclaiming 'Whoever shall say that I have been enchanted with just cause, provided my lady the Princess Micomicona grants me permission to do so, I give him the lie, challenge him and defy him to single combat.
The newly arrived travellers were amazed at the words of Don Quixote but the landlord removed their surprise by telling them who he was, and not to mind him as he was out of his senses. They then asked the landlord if by any chance a youth of about fifteen years of age had come to that inn, one dressed like a muleteer, and of such and such an appearance, describing that of Doa Clara's lover.
The landlord replied that there were so many people in the inn he had not noticed the person they were inquiring for but one of them observing the coach in which the Judge had come, said, 'He is here no doubt, for this is the coach he is following let one of us stay at the gate, and the rest go in to look for him or indeed it would be as well if one of us went round the inn, lest he should escape over the wall of the yard.
'So be it, said another and while two of them went in, one remained at the gate and the other made the circuit of the inn observing all which, the landlord was unable to conjecture for what reason they were taking all these precautions, though he understood they were looking for the youth whose description they had given him.
It was by this time broad daylight and for that reason, as well as in consequence of the noise Don Quixote had made, everybody was awake and up, but particularly Doa Clara and Dorothea for they had been able to sleep but badly that night, the one from agitation at having her lover so near her, the other from curiosity to see him.
But considering that it would not become him, nor be right, to begin any new emprise until he had established Micomicona in her kingdom, he was constrained to hold his peace and wait quietly to see what would be the upshot of the proceedings of those same travellers one of whom found the youth they were seeking lying asleep by the side of a muleteer, without a thought of anyone coming in search of him, much less finding him.
'It was a student to whom you confided your intentions, answered the servant, 'that disclosed them, touched with pity at the distress he saw your father suffer on missing you he therefore despatched four of his servants in quest of you, and here we all are at your service, better pleased than you can imagine that we shall return so soon and be able to restore you to those eyes that so yearn for you.
All this conversation between the two was overheard by the muleteer at whose side Don Luis lay, and rising, he went to report what had taken place to Don Fernando, Cardenio, and the others, who had by this time dressed themselves and told them how the man had addressed the youth as 'Don, and what words had passed, and how he wanted him to return to his father, which the youth was unwilling to do.
With this, and what they already knew of the rare voice that heaven had bestowed upon him, they all felt very anxious to know more particularly who he was, and even to help him if it was attempted to employ force against him so they hastened to where he was still talking and arguing with his servant.
Dorothea at this instant came out of her room, followed by Doa Clara all in a tremor and calling Cardenio aside, she told him in a few words the story of the musician and Doa Clara, and he at the same time told her what had happened, how his father's servants had come in search of him but in telling her so, he did not speak low enough but that Doa Clara heard what he said, at which she was so much agitated that had not Dorothea hastened to support her she would have fallen to the ground.
Cardenio then bade Dorothea return to her room, as he would endeavour to make the whole matter right, and they did as he desired. All the four who had come in quest of Don Luis had now come into the inn and surrounded him, urging him to return and console his father at once and without a moment's delay.
He replied that he could not do so on any account until he had concluded some business in which his life, honour, and heart were at stake. The servants pressed him, saying that most certainly they would not return without him, and that they would take him away whether he liked it or not.
'You shall not do that, replied Don Luis, 'unless you take me dead though however you take me, it will be without life. By this time most of those in the inn had been attracted by the dispute, but particularly Cardenio, Don Fernando, his companions, the Judge, the curate, the barber, and Don Quixote for he now considered there was no necessity for mounting guard over the castle any longer.
Cardenio being already acquainted with the young man's story, asked the men who wanted to take him away, what object they had in seeking to carry off this youth against his will. 'Our object, said one of the four, 'is to save the life of his father, who is in danger of losing it through this gentleman's disappearance.
Upon this Don Luis exclaimed, 'There is no need to make my affairs public here I am free, and I will return if I please and if not, none of you shall compel me. 'Reason will compel your worship, said the man, 'and if it has no power over you, it has power over us, to make us do what we came for, and what it is our duty to do.
'Let us hear what the whole affair is about, said the Judge at this but the man, who knew him as a neighbour of theirs, replied, 'Do you not know this gentleman, Seor Judge? He is the son of your neighbour, who has run away from his father's house in a dress so unbecoming his rank, as your worship may perceive.
The judge on this looked at him more carefully and recognised him, and embracing him said, 'What folly is this, Seor Don Luis, or what can have been the cause that could have induced you to come here in this way, and in this dress, which so ill becomes your condition?
Tears came into the eyes of the young man, and he was unable to utter a word in reply to the Judge, who told the four servants not to be uneasy, for all would be satisfactorily settled and then taking Don Luis by the hand, he drew him aside and asked the reason of his having come there.
The princess granted it graciously, and he at once, bracing his buckler on his arm and drawing his sword, hastened to the inngate, where the two guests were still handling the landlord roughly but as soon as he reached the spot he stopped short and stood still, though Maritornes and the landlady asked him why he hesitated to help their master and husband.
Thus matters stood at the inngate, where there was a very lively exchange of fisticuffs and punches, to the sore damage of the landlord and to the wrath of Maritornes, the landlady, and her daughter, who were furious when they saw the pusillanimity of Don Quixote, and the hard treatment their master, husband and father was undergoing.
But let us leave him there for he will surely find someone to help him, and if not, let him suffer and hold his tongue who attempts more than his strength allows him to do and let us go back fifty paces to see what Don Luis said in reply to the Judge whom we left questioning him privately as to his reasons for coming on foot and so meanly dressed.
To which the youth, pressing his hand in a way that showed his heart was troubled by some great sorrow, and shedding a flood of tears, made answer 'Seor, I have no more to tell you than that from the moment when, through heaven's will and our being near neighbours, I first saw Doa Clara, your daughter and my lady, from that instant I made her the mistress of my will, and if yours, my true lord and father, offers no impediment, this very day she shall become my wife.
For her I left my father's house, and for her I assumed this disguise, to follow her whithersoever she may go, as the arrow seeks its mark or the sailor the polestar. She knows nothing more of my passion than what she may have learned from having sometimes seen from a distance that my eyes were filled with tears.
You know already, seor, the wealth and noble birth of my parents, and that I am their sole heir if this be a sufficient inducement for you to venture to make me completely happy, accept me at once as your son for if my father, influenced by other objects of his own, should disapprove of this happiness I have sought for myself, time has more power to alter and change things, than human will.
With this the lovesmitten youth was silent, while the Judge, after hearing him, was astonished, perplexed, and surprised, as well at the manner and intelligence with which Don Luis had confessed the secret of his heart, as at the position in which he found himself, not knowing what course to take in a matter so sudden and unexpected.
Don Luis kissed his hands by force, nay, bathed them with his tears, in a way that would have touched a heart of marble, not to say that of the Judge, who, as a shrewd man, had already perceived how advantageous the marriage would be to his daughter though, were it possible, he would have preferred that it should be brought about with the consent of the father of Don Luis, who he knew looked for a title for his son.
hand over my basin and my packsaddle, and all my trappings that you robbed me of. Sancho, finding himself so unexpectedly assailed, and hearing the abuse poured upon him, seized the packsaddle with one hand, and with the other gave the barber a cuff that bathed his teeth in blood.
The barber, however, was not so ready to relinquish the prize he had made in the packsaddle on the contrary, he raised such an outcry that everyone in the inn came running to know what the noise and quarrel meant. 'Here, in the name of the king and justice! he cried, 'this thief and highwayman wants to kill me for trying to recover my property.
Don Quixote was standing by at the time, highly pleased to see his squire's stoutness, both offensive and defensive, and from that time forth he reckoned him a man of mettle, and in his heart resolved to dub him a knight on the first opportunity that presented itself, feeling sure that the order of chivalry would be fittingly bestowed upon him.
At this Don Quixote could not keep himself from answering and interposing between the two, and separating them, he placed the packsaddle on the ground, to lie there in sight until the truth was established, and said, 'Your worships may perceive clearly and plainly the error under which this worthy squire lies when he calls a basin which was, is, and shall be the helmet of Mambrino which I won from him in fair war, and made myself master of by legitimate and lawful possession.
With the packsaddle I do not concern myself but I may tell you on that head that my squire Sancho asked my permission to strip off the caparison of this vanquished poltroon's steed, and with it adorn his own I allowed him, and he took it and as to its having been changed from a caparison into a packsaddle, I can give no explanation except the usual one, that such transformations will take place in adventures of chivalry.
To confirm all which, run, Sancho my son, and fetch hither the helmet which this good fellow calls a basin. 'Egad, master, said Sancho, 'if we have no other proof of our case than what your worship puts forward, Mambrino's helmet is just as much a basin as this good fellow's caparison is a packsaddle.
Sancho hastened to where the basin was, and brought it back with him, and when Don Quixote saw it, he took hold of it and said 'Your worships may see with what a face this squire can assert that this is a basin and not the helmet I told you of and I swear by the order of chivalry I profess, that this helmet is the identical one I took from him, without anything added to or taken from it.
'There is no doubt of that, said Sancho, 'for from the time my master won it until now he has only fought one battle in it, when he let loose those unlucky men in chains and if it had not been for this basinhelmet he would not have come off over well that time, for there was plenty of stonethrowing in that affair.
'What do you think now, gentlemen, said the barber, 'of what these gentles say, when they want to make out that this is a helmet? 'And whoever says the contrary, said Don Quixote, 'I will let him know he lies if he is a knight, and if he is a squire that he lies again a thousand times.
'It is quite true, said the curate, who saw the object of his friend the barber and Cardenio, Don Fernando and his companions agreed with him, and even the Judge, if his thoughts had not been so full of Don Luis's affair, would have helped to carry on the joke but he was so taken up with the serious matters he had on his mind that he paid little or no attention to these facetious proceedings.
'God bless me! exclaimed their butt the barber at this 'is it possible that such an honourable company can say that this is not a basin but a helmet? Why, this is a thing that would astonish a whole university, however wise it might be! That will do if this basin is a helmet, why, then the packsaddle must be a horse's caparison, as this gentleman has said.
'To me it looks like a packsaddle, said Don Quixote 'but I have already said that with that question I do not concern myself. 'As to whether it be packsaddle or caparison, said the curate, 'it is only for Seor Don Quixote to say for in these matters of chivalry all these gentlemen and I bow to his authority.
'By God, gentlemen, said Don Quixote, 'so many strange things have happened to me in this castle on the two occasions on which I have sojourned in it, that I will not venture to assert anything positively in reply to any question touching anything it contains for it is my belief that everything that goes on within it goes by enchantment.
The first time, an enchanted Moor that there is in it gave me sore trouble, nor did Sancho fare well among certain followers of his and last night I was kept hanging by this arm for nearly two hours, without knowing how or why I came by such a mishap.
As regards the assertion that this is a basin and not a helmet I have already given an answer but as to the question whether this is a packsaddle or a caparison I will not venture to give a positive opinion, but will leave it to your worships' better judgment.
'There can be no question, said Don Fernando on this, 'but that Seor Don Quixote has spoken very wisely, and that with us rests the decision of this matter and that we may have surer ground to go on, I will take the votes of the gentlemen in secret, and declare the result clearly and fully.
'May I never share heaven, said the poor barber, 'if your worships are not all mistaken and may my soul appear before God as that appears to me a packsaddle and not a caparison but, 'laws go,'I say no more and indeed I am not drunk, for I am fasting, except it be from sin.
The simple talk of the barber did not afford less amusement than the absurdities of Don Quixote, who now observed 'There is no more to be done now than for each to take what belongs to him, and to whom God has given it, may St. Peter add his blessing.
On hearing this one of the newly arrived officers of the Brotherhood, who had been listening to the dispute and controversy, unable to restrain his anger and impatience, exclaimed, 'It is a packsaddle as sure as my father is my father, and whoever has said or will say anything else must be drunk.
'You lie like a rascally clown, returned Don Quixote and lifting his pike, which he had never let out of his hand, he delivered such a blow at his head that, had not the officer dodged it, it would have stretched him at full length. The pike was shivered in pieces against the ground, and the rest of the officers, seeing their comrade assaulted, raised a shout, calling for help for the Holy Brotherhood.
All paused at his mighty voice, and he went on to say, 'Did I not tell you, sirs, that this castle was enchanted, and that a legion or so of devils dwelt in it? In proof whereof I call upon you to behold with your own eyes how the discord of Agramante's camp has come hither, and been transferred into the midst of us.
Come then, you, Seor Judge, and you, seor curate let the one represent King Agramante and the other King Sobrino, and make peace among us for by God Almighty it is a sorry business that so many persons of quality as we are should slay one another for such trifling cause.
The officers, who did not understand Don Quixote's mode of speaking, and found themselves roughly handled by Don Fernando, Cardenio, and their companions, were not to be appeased the barber was, however, for both his beard and his packsaddle were the worse for the struggle Sancho like a good servant obeyed the slightest word of his master while the four servants of Don Luis kept quiet when they saw how little they gained by not being so.
The landlord alone insisted upon it that they must punish the insolence of this madman, who at every turn raised a disturbance in the inn but at length the uproar was stilled for the present the packsaddle remained a caparison till the day of judgment, and the basin a helmet and the inn a castle in Don Quixote's imagination.
All having been now pacified and made friends by the persuasion of the Judge and the curate, the servants of Don Luis began again to urge him to return with them at once and while he was discussing the matter with them, the Judge took counsel with Don Fernando, Cardenio, and the curate as to what he ought to do in the case, telling them how it stood, and what Don Luis had said to him.
It was agreed at length that Don Fernando should tell the servants of Don Luis who he was, and that it was his desire that Don Luis should accompany him to Andalusia, where he would receive from the marquis his brother the welcome his quality entitled him to for, otherwise, it was easy to see from the determination of Don Luis that he would not return to his father at present, though they tore him to pieces.
On learning the rank of Don Fernando and the resolution of Don Luis the four then settled it between themselves that three of them should return to tell his father how matters stood, and that the other should remain to wait upon Don Luis, and not leave him until they came back for him, or his father's orders were known.
Thus by the authority of Agramante and the wisdom of King Sobrino all this complication of disputes was arranged but the enemy of concord and hater of peace, feeling himself slighted and made a fool of, and seeing how little he had gained after having involved them all in such an elaborate entanglement, resolved to try his hand once more by stirring up fresh quarrels and disturbances.
Suspecting how it was, then, he wished to satisfy himself as to whether Don Quixote's features corresponded and taking a parchment out of his bosom he lit upon what he was in search of, and setting himself to read it deliberately, for he was not a quick reader, as he made out each word he fixed his eyes on Don Quixote, and went on comparing the description in the warrant with his face, and discovered that beyond all doubt he was the person described in it.
As soon as he had satisfied himself, folding up the parchment, he took the warrant in his left hand and with his right seized Don Quixote by the collar so tightly that he did not allow him to breathe, and shouted aloud, 'Help for the Holy Brotherhood! and that you may see I demand it in earnest, read this warrant which says this highwayman is to be arrested.
The curate took the warrant and saw that what the officer said was true, and that it agreed with Don Quixote's appearance, who, on his part, when he found himself roughly handled by this rascally clown, worked up to the highest pitch of wrath, and all his joints cracking with rage, with both hands seized the officer by the throat with all his might, so that had he not been helped by his comrades he would have yielded up his life ere Don Quixote released his hold.
The landlady, when she saw her husband engaged in a fresh quarrel, lifted up her voice afresh, and its note was immediately caught up by Maritornes and her daughter, calling upon heaven and all present for help and Sancho, seeing what was going on, exclaimed, 'By the Lord, it is quite true what my master says about the enchantments of this castle, for it is impossible to live an hour in peace in it!
Don Fernando parted the officer and Don Quixote, and to their mutual contentment made them relax the grip by which they held, the one the coat collar, the other the throat of his adversary for all this, however, the officers did not cease to demand their prisoner and call on them to help, and deliver him over bound into their power, as was required for the service of the King and of the Holy Brotherhood, on whose behalf they again demanded aid and assistance to effect the capture of this robber and footpad of the highways.
Don Quixote smiled when he heard these words, and said very calmly, 'Come now, base, illborn brood call ye it highway robbery to give freedom to those in bondage, to release the captives, to succour the miserable, to raise up the fallen, to relieve the needy? Infamous beings, who by your vile grovelling intellects deserve that heaven should not make known to you the virtue that lies in knighterrantry, or show you the sin and ignorance in which ye lie when ye refuse to respect the shadow, not to say the presence, of any knighterrant!
Come now band, not of officers, but of thieves footpads with the licence of the Holy Brotherhood tell me who was the ignoramus who signed a warrant of arrest against such a knight as I am? Who was he that did not know that knightserrant are independent of all jurisdictions, that their law is their sword, their charter their prowess, and their edicts their will?
Who, I say again, was the fool that knows not that there are no letters patent of nobility that confer such privileges or exemptions as a knighterrant acquires the day he is dubbed a knight, and devotes himself to the arduous calling of chivalry? What knighterrant ever paid polltax, duty, queen's pinmoney, king's dues, toll or ferry?
What tailor ever took payment of him for making his clothes? What castellan that received him in his castle ever made him pay his shot? What king did not seat him at his table? What damsel was not enamoured of him and did not yield herself up wholly to his will and pleasure?
In short, the curate used such arguments, and Don Quixote did such mad things, that the officers would have been more mad than he was if they had not perceived his want of wits, and so they thought it best to allow themselves to be pacified, and even to act as peacemakers between the barber and Sancho Panza, who still continued their altercation with much bitterness.
In the end they, as officers of justice, settled the question by arbitration in such a manner that both sides were, if not perfectly contented, at least to some extent satisfied for they changed the packsaddles, but not the girths or headstalls and as to Mambrino's helmet, the curate, under the rose and without Don Quixote's knowing it, paid eight reals for the basin, and the barber executed a full receipt and engagement to make no further demand then or thenceforth for evermore, amen.
The gift and compensation which the curate gave the barber had not escaped the landlord's notice, and he demanded Don Quixote's reckoning, together with the amount of the damage to his wineskins, and the loss of his wine, swearing that neither Rocinante nor Sancho's ass should leave the inn until he had been paid to the very last farthing.
The curate settled all amicably, and Don Fernando paid though the Judge had also very readily offered to pay the score and all became so peaceful and quiet that the inn no longer reminded one of the discord of Agramante's camp, as Don Quixote said, but of the peace and tranquillity of the days of Octavianus for all which it was the universal opinion that their thanks were due to the great zeal and eloquence of the curate, and to the unexampled generosity of Don Fernando.
Let us depart at once, for the common saying that in delay there is danger, lends spurs to my eagerness to take the road and as neither heaven has created nor hell seen any that can daunt or intimidate me, saddle Rocinante, Sancho, and get ready thy ass and the queen's palfrey, and let us take leave of the castellan and these gentlemen, and go hence this very instant.
Sancho, who was standing by all the time, said, shaking his head, 'Ah! master, master, there is more mischief in the village than one hears of, begging all good bodies' pardon. 'What mischief can there be in any village, or in all the cities of the world, you booby, that can hurt my reputation?
said Don Quixote. 'If your worship is angry, replied Sancho, 'I will hold my tongue and leave unsaid what as a good squire I am bound to say, and what a good servant should tell his master. 'Say what thou wilt, returned Don Quixote, 'provided thy words be not meant to work upon my fears for thou, if thou fearest, art behaving like thyself but I like myself, in not fearing.
'It is nothing of the sort, as I am a sinner before God, said Sancho, 'but that I take it to be sure and certain that this lady, who calls herself queen of the great kingdom of Micomicon, is no more so than my mother for, if she was what she says, she would not go rubbing noses with one that is here every instant and behind every door.
Good God, what was the indignation of Don Quixote when he heard the audacious words of his squire! So great was it, that in a voice inarticulate with rage, with a stammering tongue, and eyes that flashed living fire, he exclaimed, 'Rascally clown, boorish, insolent, and ignorant, illspoken, foulmouthed, impudent backbiter and slanderer!
Hast thou dared to utter such words in my presence and in that of these illustrious ladies? Hast thou dared to harbour such gross and shameless thoughts in thy muddled imagination? Begone from my presence, thou born monster, storehouse of lies, hoard of untruths, garner of knaveries, inventor of scandals, publisher of absurdities, enemy of the respect due to royal personages!
Begone, show thyself no more before me under pain of my wrath and so saying he knitted his brows, puffed out his cheeks, gazed around him, and stamped on the ground violently with his right foot, showing in every way the rage that was pent up in his heart and at his words and furious gestures Sancho was so scared and terrified that he would have been glad if the earth had opened that instant and swallowed him, and his only thought was to turn round and make his escape from the angry presence of his master.
But the readywitted Dorothea, who by this time so well understood Don Quixote's humour, said, to mollify his wrath, 'Be not irritated at the absurdities your good squire has uttered, Sir Knight of the Rueful Countenance, for perhaps he did not utter them without cause, and from his good sense and Christian conscience it is not likely that he would bear false witness against anyone.
We may therefore believe, without any hesitation, that since, as you say, sir knight, everything in this castle goes and is brought about by means of enchantment, Sancho, I say, may possibly have seen, through this diabolical medium, what he says he saw so much to the detriment of my modesty.
'I swear by God Omnipotent, exclaimed Don Quixote at this, 'your highness has hit the point and that some vile illusion must have come before this sinner of a Sancho, that made him see what it would have been impossible to see by any other means than enchantments for I know well enough, from the poor fellow's goodness and harmlessness, that he is incapable of bearing false witness against anybody.
Don Quixote said he was ready to pardon him, and the curate went for Sancho, who came in very humbly, and falling on his knees begged for the hand of his master, who having presented it to him and allowed him to kiss it, gave him his blessing and said, 'Now, Sancho my son, thou wilt be convinced of the truth of what I have many a time told thee, that everything in this castle is done by means of enchantment.
'So it is, I believe, said Sancho, 'except the affair of the blanket, which came to pass in reality by ordinary means. 'Believe it not, said Don Quixote, 'for had it been so, I would have avenged thee that instant, or even now but neither then nor now could I, nor have I seen anyone upon whom to avenge thy wrong.
They were all eager to know what the affair of the blanket was, and the landlord gave them a minute account of Sancho's flights, at which they laughed not a little, and at which Sancho would have been no less out of countenance had not his master once more assured him it was all enchantment.
For all that his simplicity never reached so high a pitch that he could persuade himself it was not the plain and simple truth, without any deception whatever about it, that he had been blanketed by beings of flesh and blood, and not by visionary and imaginary phantoms, as his master believed and protested.
They constructed a kind of cage with wooden bars, large enough to hold Don Quixote comfortably and then Don Fernando and his companions, the servants of Don Luis, and the officers of the Brotherhood, together with the landlord, by the directions and advice of the curate, covered their faces and disguised themselves, some in one way, some in another, so as to appear to Don Quixote quite different from the persons he had seen in the castle.
And from this marvellous union shall come forth to the light of the world brave whelps that shall rival the ravening claws of their valiant father and this shall come to pass ere the pursuer of the flying nymph shall in his swift natural course have twice visited the starry signs.
Follow then the footsteps of the valiant enchanted knight, for it is expedient that thou shouldst go to the destination assigned to both of you and as it is not permitted to me to say more, God be with thee for I return to that place I wot of and as he brought the prophecy to a close he raised his voice to a high pitch, and then lowered it to such a soft tone, that even those who knew it was all a joke were almost inclined to take what they heard seriously.
When Don Quixote saw himself caged and hoisted on the cart in this way, he said, 'Many grave histories of knightserrant have I read but never yet have I read, seen, or heard of their carrying off enchanted knightserrant in this fashion, or at the slow pace that these lazy, sluggish animals promise for they always take them away through the air with marvellous swiftness, enveloped in a dark thick cloud, or on a chariot of fire, or it may be on some hippogriff or other beast of the kind but to carry me off like this on an oxcart!
But perhaps the chivalry and enchantments of our day take a different course from that of those in days gone by and it may be, too, that as I am a new knight in the world, and the first to revive the already forgotten calling of knightadventurers, they may have newly invented other kinds of enchantments and other modes of carrying off the enchanted.
What thinkest thou of the matter, Sancho my son? 'I don't know what to think, answered Sancho, 'not being as well read as your worship in errant writings but for all that I venture to say and swear that these apparitions that are about us are not quite catholic. 'Catholic!
said Don Quixote. 'Father of me! how can they be Catholic when they are all devils that have taken fantastic shapes to come and do this, and bring me to this condition? And if thou wouldst prove it, touch them, and feel them, and thou wilt find they have only bodies of air, and no consistency except in appearance.
'By God, master, returned Sancho, 'I have touched them already and that devil, that goes about there so busily, has firm flesh, and another property very different from what I have heard say devils have, for by all accounts they all smell of brimstone and other bad smells but this one smells of amber half a league off.
Such was the conversation that passed between master and man and Don Fernando and Cardenio, apprehensive of Sancho's making a complete discovery of their scheme, towards which he had already gone some way, resolved to hasten their departure, and calling the landlord aside, they directed him to saddle Rocinante and put the packsaddle on Sancho's ass, which he did with great alacrity.
Forgive me, fair ladies, if, through inadvertence, I have in aught offended you for intentionally and wittingly I have never done so to any and pray to God that he deliver me from this captivity to which some malevolent enchanter has consigned me and should I find myself released therefrom, the favours that ye have bestowed upon me in this castle shall be held in memory by me, that I may acknowledge, recognise, and requite them as they deserve.
They all embraced one another, and promised to let each other know how things went with them, and Don Fernando directed the curate where to write to him, to tell him what became of Don Quixote, assuring him that there was nothing that could give him more pleasure than to hear of it, and that he too, on his part, would send him word of everything he thought he would like to know, about his marriage, Zoraida's baptism, Don Luis's affair, and Luscinda's return to her home.
The landlord approached the curate and handed him some papers, saying he had discovered them in the lining of the valise in which the novel of 'The Illadvised Curiosity had been found, and that he might take them all away with him as their owner had not since returned for, as he could not read, he did not want them himself.
The curate thanked him, and opening them he saw at the beginning of the manuscript the words, 'Novel of Rinconete and Cortadillo, by which he perceived that it was a novel, and as that of 'The Illadvised Curiosity had been good he concluded this would be so too, as they were both probably by the same author so he kept it, intending to read it when he had an opportunity.
The order of march was this first went the cart with the owner leading it at each side of it marched the officers of the Brotherhood, as has been said, with their muskets then followed Sancho Panza on his ass, leading Rocinante by the bridle and behind all came the curate and the barber on their mighty mules, with faces covered, as aforesaid, and a grave and serious air, measuring their pace to suit the slow steps of the oxen.
Thus slowly and silently they made, it might be, two leagues, until they reached a valley which the carter thought a convenient place for resting and feeding his oxen, and he said so to the curate, but the barber was of opinion that they ought to push on a little farther, as at the other side of a hill which appeared close by he knew there was a valley that had more grass and much better than the one where they proposed to halt and his advice was taken and they continued their journey.
Just at that moment the curate, looking back, saw coming on behind them six or seven mounted men, well found and equipped, who soon overtook them, for they were travelling, not at the sluggish, deliberate pace of oxen, but like men who rode canons' mules, and in haste to take their noontide rest as soon as possible at the inn which was in sight not a league off.
One of the officers to whom he had put the question, replied, 'Let the gentleman himself tell you the meaning of his going this way, seor, for we do not know. Don Quixote overheard the conversation and said, 'Haply, gentlemen, you are versed and learned in matters of errant chivalry?
Because if you are I will tell you my misfortunes if not, there is no good in my giving myself the trouble of relating them but here the curate and the barber, seeing that the travellers were engaged in conversation with Don Quixote, came forward, in order to answer in such a way as to save their stratagem from being discovered.
The canon, replying to Don Quixote, said, 'In truth, brother, I know more about books of chivalry than I do about Villalpando's elements of logic so if that be all, you may safely tell me what you please. 'In God's name, then, seor, replied Don Quixote 'if that be so, I would have you know that I am held enchanted in this cage by the envy and fraud of wicked enchanters for virtue is more persecuted by the wicked than loved by the good.
I am a knighterrant, and not one of those whose names Fame has never thought of immortalising in her record, but of those who, in defiance and in spite of envy itself, and all the magicians that Persia, or Brahmans that India, or Gymnosophists that Ethiopia ever produced, will place their names in the temple of immortality, to serve as examples and patterns for ages to come, whereby knightserrant may see the footsteps in which they must tread if they would attain the summit and crowning point of honour in arms.
'What Seor Don Quixote of La Mancha says, observed the curate, 'is the truth for he goes enchanted in this cart, not from any fault or sins of his, but because of the malevolence of those to whom virtue is odious and valour hateful. This, seor, is the Knight of the Rueful Countenance, if you have ever heard him named, whose valiant achievements and mighty deeds shall be written on lasting brass and imperishable marble, notwithstanding all the efforts of envy to obscure them and malice to hide them.
At this point Sancho Panza, who had drawn near to hear the conversation, said, in order to make everything plain, 'Well, sirs, you may like or dislike what I am going to say, but the fact of the matter is, my master, Don Quixote, is just as much enchanted as my mother.
He is in his full senses, he eats and he drinks, and he has his calls like other men and as he had yesterday, before they caged him. And if that's the case, what do they mean by wanting me to believe that he is enchanted? For I have heard many a one say that enchanted people neither eat, nor sleep, nor talk and my master, if you don't stop him, will talk more than thirty lawyers.
Then turning to the curate he exclaimed, 'Ah, seor curate, seor curate! do you think I don't know you? Do you think I don't guess and see the drift of these new enchantments? Well then, I can tell you I know you, for all your face is covered, and I can tell you I am up to you, however you may hide your tricks.
if it had not been for your worship my master would be married to the Princess Micomicona this minute, and I should be a count at least for no less was to be expected, as well from the goodness of my master, him of the Rueful Countenance, as from the greatness of my services.
But I see now how true it is what they say in these parts, that the wheel of fortune turns faster than a millwheel, and that those who were up yesterday are down today. I am sorry for my wife and children, for when they might fairly and reasonably expect to see their father return to them a governor or viceroy of some island or kingdom, they will see him come back a horseboy.
I have said all this, seor curate, only to urge your paternity to lay to your conscience your illtreatment of my master and have a care that God does not call you to account in another life for making a prisoner of him in this way, and charge against you all the succours and good deeds that my lord Don Quixote leaves undone while he is shut up.
'Trim those lamps there! exclaimed the barber at this 'so you are of the same fraternity as your master, too, Sancho? By God, I begin to see that you will have to keep him company in the cage, and be enchanted like him for having caught some of his humour and chivalry.
It was an evil hour when you let yourself be got with child by his promises, and that island you long so much for found its way into your head. 'I am not with child by anyone, returned Sancho, 'nor am I a man to let myself be got with child, if it was by the King himself.
Though I am poor I am an old Christian, and I owe nothing to nobody, and if I long for an island, other people long for worse. Each of us is the son of his own works and being a man I may come to be pope, not to say governor of an island, especially as my master may win so many that he will not know whom to give them to.
Mind how you talk, master barber for shaving is not everything, and there is some difference between Peter and Peter. I say this because we all know one another, and it will not do to throw false dice with me and as to the enchantment of my master, God knows the truth leave it as it is it only makes it worse to stir it.
The barber did not care to answer Sancho lest by his plain speaking he should disclose what the curate and he himself were trying so hard to conceal and under the same apprehension the curate had asked the canon to ride on a little in advance, so that he might tell him the mystery of this man in the cage, and other things that would amuse him.
The canon agreed, and going on ahead with his servants, listened with attention to the account of the character, life, madness, and ways of Don Quixote, given him by the curate, who described to him briefly the beginning and origin of his craze, and told him the whole story of his adventures up to his being confined in the cage, together with the plan they had of taking him home to try if by any means they could discover a cure for his madness.
And in my opinion this sort of writing and composition is of the same species as the fables they call the Milesian, nonsensical tales that aim solely at giving amusement and not instruction, exactly the opposite of the apologue fables which amuse and instruct at the same time. And though it may be the chief object of such books to amuse, I do not know how they can succeed, when they are so full of such monstrous nonsense.
What beauty, then, or what proportion of the parts to the whole, or of the whole to the parts, can there be in a book or fable where a lad of sixteen cuts down a giant as tall as a tower and makes two halves of him as if he was an almond cake?
And when they want to give us a picture of a battle, after having told us that there are a million of combatants on the side of the enemy, let the hero of the book be opposed to them, and we have perforce to believe, whether we like it or not, that the said knight wins the victory by the single might of his strong arm.
What mind, that is not wholly barbarous and uncultured, can find pleasure in reading of how a great tower full of knights sails away across the sea like a ship with a fair wind, and will be tonight in Lombardy and tomorrow morning in the land of Prester John of the Indies, or some other that Ptolemy never described nor Marco Polo saw?
And if, in answer to this, I am told that the authors of books of the kind write them as fiction, and therefore are not bound to regard niceties of truth, I would reply that fiction is all the better the more it looks like truth, and gives the more pleasure the more probability and possibility there is about it.
Plots in fiction should be wedded to the understanding of the reader, and be constructed in such a way that, reconciling impossibilities, smoothing over difficulties, keeping the mind on the alert, they may surprise, interest, divert, and entertain, so that wonder and delight joined may keep pace one with the other all which he will fail to effect who shuns verisimilitude and truth to nature, wherein lies the perfection of writing.
I have never yet seen any book of chivalry that puts together a connected plot complete in all its numbers, so that the middle agrees with the beginning, and the end with the beginning and middle on the contrary, they construct them with such a multitude of members that it seems as though they meant to produce a chimera or monster rather than a wellproportioned figure.
And besides all this they are harsh in their style, incredible in their achievements, licentious in their amours, uncouth in their courtly speeches, prolix in their battles, silly in their arguments, absurd in their travels, and, in short, wanting in everything like intelligent art for which reason they deserve to be banished from the Christian commonwealth as a worthless breed.
'It is as you say, seor canon, said the curate 'and for that reason those who have hitherto written books of the sort deserve all the more censure for writing without paying any attention to good taste or the rules of art, by which they might guide themselves and become as famous in prose as the two princes of Greek and Latin poetry are in verse.
'The Ingratitude Revenged was not nonsense, nor was there any in 'The Numantia, nor any to be found in 'The Merchant Lover, nor yet in 'The Friendly Fair Foe, nor in some others that have been written by certain gifted poets, to their own fame and renown, and to the profit of those that brought them out' some further remarks I added to these, with which, I think, I left him rather dumbfoundered, but not so satisfied or convinced that I could disabuse him of his error.
'You have touched upon a subject, seor canon, observed the curate here, 'that has awakened an old enmity I have against the plays in vogue at the present day, quite as strong as that which I bear to the books of chivalry for while the drama, according to Tully, should be the mirror of human life, the model of manners, and the image of the truth, those which are presented nowadays are mirrors of nonsense, models of folly, and images of lewdness.
For what greater nonsense can there be in connection with what we are now discussing than for an infant to appear in swaddling clothes in the first scene of the first act, and in the second a grownup bearded man? Or what greater absurdity can there be than putting before us an old man as a swashbuckler, a young man as a poltroon, a lackey using fine language, a page giving sage advice, a king plying as a porter, a princess who is a kitchenmaid?
And then what shall I say of their attention to the time in which the action they represent may or can take place, save that I have seen a play where the first act began in Europe, the second in Asia, the third finished in Africa, and no doubt, had it been in four acts, the fourth would have ended in America, and so it would have been laid in all four quarters of the globe?
And if truth to life is the main thing the drama should keep in view, how is it possible for any average understanding to be satisfied when the action is supposed to pass in the time of King Pepin or Charlemagne, and the principal personage in it they represent to be the Emperor Heraclius who entered Jerusalem with the cross and won the Holy Sepulchre, like Godfrey of Bouillon, there being years innumerable between the one and the other?
or, if the play is based on fiction and historical facts are introduced, or bits of what occurred to different people and at different times mixed up with it, all, not only without any semblance of probability, but with obvious errors that from every point of view are inexcusable? And the worst of it is, there are ignorant people who say that this is perfection, and that anything beyond this is affected refinement.
And then if we turn to sacred dramaswhat miracles they invent in them! What apocryphal, illdevised incidents, attributing to one saint the miracles of another! And even in secular plays they venture to introduce miracles without any reason or object except that they think some such miracle, or transformation as they call it, will come in well to astonish stupid people and draw them to the play.
All this tends to the prejudice of the truth and the corruption of history, nay more, to the reproach of the wits of Spain for foreigners who scrupulously observe the laws of the drama look upon us as barbarous and ignorant, when they see the absurdity and nonsense of the plays we produce.
Nor are the poets who write them to be blamed for this for some there are among them who are perfectly well aware of their faults, and know what they ought to do but as plays have become a salable commodity, they say, and with truth, that the actors will not buy them unless they are after this fashion and so the poet tries to adapt himself to the requirements of the actor who is to pay him for his work.
And that this is the truth may be seen by the countless plays that a most fertile wit of these kingdoms has written, with so much brilliancy, so much grace and gaiety, such polished versification, such choice language, such profound reflections, and in a word, so rich in eloquence and elevation of style, that he has filled the world with his fame and yet, in consequence of his desire to suit the taste of the actors, they have not all, as some of them have, come as near perfection as they ought.
All which evils, and many more that I say nothing of, would be removed if there were some intelligent and sensible person at the capital to examine all plays before they were acted, not only those produced in the capital itself, but all that were intended to be acted in Spain without whose approval, seal, and signature, no local magistracy should allow any play to be acted.
And if the same or some other person were authorised to examine the newly written books of chivalry, no doubt some would appear with all the perfections you have described, enriching our language with the gracious and precious treasure of eloquence, and driving the old books into obscurity before the light of the new ones that would come out for the harmless entertainment, not merely of the idle but of the very busiest for the bow cannot be always bent, nor can weak human nature exist without some lawful amusement.
The canon and the curate had proceeded thus far with their conversation, when the barber, coming forward, joined them, and said to the curate, 'This is the spot, seor licentiate, that I said was a good one for fresh and plentiful pasture for the oxen, while we take our noontide rest.
And to prove this I want to ask you one thing and if you answer me as I believe you will answer, you will be able to lay your finger on the trick, and you will see that you are not enchanted but gone wrong in your wits. 'Ask what thou wilt, Sancho my son, returned Don Quixote, 'for I will satisfy thee and answer all thou requirest.
So thou mayest set thy mind at rest as to the idea that they are what thou sayest, for they are as much so as I am a Turk. But touching thy desire to ask me something, say on, and I will answer thee, though thou shouldst ask questions from this till tomorrow morning.
'May Our Lady be good to me! said Sancho, lifting up his voice 'and is it possible that your worship is so thick of skull and so short of brains that you cannot see that what I say is the simple truth, and that malice has more to do with your imprisonment and misfortune than enchantment?
Now tell me, so may God deliver you from this affliction, and so may you find yourself when you least expect it in the arms of my lady Dulcinea 'Leave off conjuring me, said Don Quixote, 'and ask what thou wouldst know I have already told thee I will answer with all possible precision.
'That is what I want, said Sancho 'and what I would know, and have you tell me, without adding or leaving out anything, but telling the whole truth as one expects it to be told, and as it is told, by all who profess arms, as your worship professes them, under the title of knightserrant 'I tell thee I will not lie in any particular, said Don Quixote 'finish thy question for in truth thou weariest me with all these asseverations, requirements, and precautions, Sancho.
'Well, I rely on the goodness and truth of my master, said Sancho 'and so, because it bears upon what we are talking about, I would ask, speaking with all reverence, whether since your worship has been shut up and, as you think, enchanted in this cage, you have felt any desire or inclination to go anywhere, as the saying is?
'I do not understand 'going anywhere,' said Don Quixote 'explain thyself more clearly, Sancho, if thou wouldst have me give an answer to the point. 'Is it possible, said Sancho, 'that your worship does not understand 'going anywhere'? Why, the schoolboys know that from the time they were babes. Well then, you must know I mean have you had any desire to do what cannot be avoided?
'Ah! now I understand thee, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'yes, often, and even this minute get me out of this strait, or all will not go right. 'Aha, I have caught you, said Sancho 'this is what in my heart and soul I was longing to know. Come now, seor, can you deny what is commonly said around us, when a person is out of humour, 'I don't know what ails soandso, that he neither eats, nor drinks, nor sleeps, nor gives a proper answer to any question one would think he was enchanted'?
From which it is to be gathered that those who do not eat, or drink, or sleep, or do any of the natural acts I am speaking ofthat such persons are enchanted but not those that have the desire your worship has, and drink when drink is given them, and eat when there is anything to eat, and answer every question that is asked them.
'What thou sayest is true, Sancho, replied Don Quixote 'but I have already told thee there are many sorts of enchantments, and it may be that in the course of time they have been changed one for another, and that now it may be the way with enchanted people to do all that I do, though they did not do so before so it is vain to argue or draw inferences against the usage of the time.
I know and feel that I am enchanted, and that is enough to ease my conscience for it would weigh heavily on it if I thought that I was not enchanted, and that in a fainthearted and cowardly way I allowed myself to lie in this cage, defrauding multitudes of the succour I might afford to those in need and distress, who at this very moment may be in sore want of my aid and protection.
'I am content to do as thou sayest, brother Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'and when thou seest an opportunity for effecting my release I will obey thee absolutely but thou wilt see, Sancho, how mistaken thou art in thy conception of my misfortune. The knighterrant and the illerrant squire kept up their conversation till they reached the place where the curate, the canon, and the barber, who had already dismounted, were waiting for them.
The carter at once unyoked the oxen and left them to roam at large about the pleasant green spot, the freshness of which seemed to invite, not enchanted people like Don Quixote, but wideawake, sensible folk like his squire, who begged the curate to allow his master to leave the cage for a little for if they did not let him out, the prison might not be as clean as the propriety of such a gentleman as his master required.
The curate understood him, and said he would very gladly comply with his request, only that he feared his master, finding himself at liberty, would take to his old courses and make off where nobody could ever find him again. 'I will answer for his not running away, said Sancho.
Don Quixote, who was listening to all this, said, 'I give itmoreover one who is enchanted as I am cannot do as he likes with himself for he who had enchanted him could prevent his moving from one place for three ages, and if he attempted to escape would bring him back flying.And that being so, they might as well release him, particularly as it would be to the advantage of all for, if they did not let him out, he protested he would be unable to avoid offending their nostrils unless they kept their distance.
The first thing he did was to stretch himself all over, and then he went to where Rocinante was standing and giving him a couple of slaps on the haunches said, 'I still trust in God and in his blessed mother, O flower and mirror of steeds, that we shall soon see ourselves, both of us, as we wish to be, thou with thy master on thy back, and I mounted upon thee, following the calling for which God sent me into the world.
And so saying, accompanied by Sancho, he withdrew to a retired spot, from which he came back much relieved and more eager than ever to put his squire's scheme into execution. The canon gazed at him, wondering at the extraordinary nature of his madness, and that in all his remarks and replies he should show such excellent sense, and only lose his stirrups, as has been already said, when the subject of chivalry was broached.
And so, moved by compassion, he said to him, as they all sat on the green grass awaiting the arrival of the provisions 'Is it possible, gentle sir, that the nauseous and idle reading of books of chivalry can have had such an effect on your worship as to upset your reason so that you fancy yourself enchanted, and the like, all as far from the truth as falsehood itself is?
How can there be any human understanding that can persuade itself there ever was all that infinity of Amadises in the world, or all that multitude of famous knights, all those emperors of Trebizond, all those Felixmartes of Hircania, all those palfreys, and damselserrant, and serpents, and monsters, and giants, and marvellous adventures, and enchantments of every kind, and battles, and prodigious encounters, splendid costumes, lovesick princesses, squires made counts, droll dwarfs, love letters, billings and cooings, swashbuckler women, and, in a word, all that nonsense the books of chivalry contain?
And such is their audacity, they even dare to unsettle the wits of gentlemen of birth and intelligence, as is shown plainly by the way they have served your worship, when they have brought you to such a pass that you have to be shut up in a cage and carried on an oxcart as one would carry a lion or a tiger from place to place to make money by showing it.
Come, Seor Don Quixote, have some compassion for yourself, return to the bosom of common sense, and make use of the liberal share of it that heaven has been pleased to bestow upon you, employing your abundant gifts of mind in some other reading that may serve to benefit your conscience and add to your honour.
Lusitania had a Viriatus, Rome a Csar, Carthage a Hannibal, Greece an Alexander, Castile a Count Fernan Gonzalez, Valencia a Cid, Andalusia a Gonzalo Fernandez, Estremadura a Diego Garca de Paredes, Jerez a Garci Perez de Vargas, Toledo a Garcilaso, Seville a Don Manuel de Leon, to read of whose valiant deeds will entertain and instruct the loftiest minds and fill them with delight and wonder.
Here, Seor Don Quixote, will be reading worthy of your sound understanding from which you will rise learned in history, in love with virtue, strengthened in goodness, improved in manners, brave without rashness, prudent without cowardice and all to the honour of God, your own advantage and the glory of La Mancha, whence, I am informed, your worship derives your birth.
'It is all exactly as you state it, said the canon to which Don Quixote returned, 'You also went on to say that books of this kind had done me much harm, inasmuch as they had upset my senses, and shut me up in a cage, and that it would be better for me to reform and change my studies, and read other truer books which would afford more pleasure and instruction.
'Well then, returned Don Quixote, 'to my mind it is you who are the one that is out of his wits and enchanted, as you have ventured to utter such blasphemies against a thing so universally acknowledged and accepted as true that whoever denies it, as you do, deserves the same punishment which you say you inflict on the books that irritate you when you read them.
For to try to persuade anybody that Amadis, and all the other knightsadventurers with whom the books are filled, never existed, would be like trying to persuade him that the sun does not yield light, or ice cold, or earth nourishment. What wit in the world can persuade another that the story of the Princess Floripes and Guy of Burgundy is not true, or that of Fierabras and the bridge of Mantible, which happened in the time of Charlemagne?
For by all that is good it is as true as that it is daylight now and if it be a lie, it must be a lie too that there was a Hector, or Achilles, or Trojan war, or Twelve Peers of France, or Arthur of England, who still lives changed into a raven, and is unceasingly looked for in his kingdom.
One might just as well try to make out that the history of Guarino Mezquino, or of the quest of the Holy Grail, is false, or that the loves of Tristram and the Queen Yseult are apocryphal, as well as those of Guinevere and Lancelot, when there are persons who can almost remember having seen the Dame Quintaona, who was the best cupbearer in Great Britain.
And so true is this, that I recollect a grandmother of mine on the father's side, whenever she saw any dame in a venerable hood, used to say to me, 'Grandson, that one is like Dame Quintaona,' from which I conclude that she must have known her, or at least had managed to see some portrait of her.
Then who can deny that the story of Pierres and the fair Magalona is true, when even to this day may be seen in the king's armoury the pin with which the valiant Pierres guided the wooden horse he rode through the air, and it is a trifle bigger than the pole of a cart?
I shall be told that the jousts of Suero de Quiones, him of the 'Paso,' and the emprise of Mosen Luis de Falces against the Castilian knight, Don Gonzalo de Guzman, were mere mockeries as well as many other achievements of Christian knights of these and foreign realms, which are so authentic and true, that, I repeat, he who denies them must be totally wanting in reason and good sense.
The canon was amazed to hear the medley of truth and fiction Don Quixote uttered, and to see how well acquainted he was with everything relating or belonging to the achievements of his knighterrantry so he said in reply 'I cannot deny, Seor Don Quixote, that there is some truth in what you say, especially as regards the Spanish knightserrant and I am willing to grant too that the Twelve Peers of France existed, but I am not disposed to believe that they did all the things that the Archbishop Turpin relates of them.
For the truth of the matter is they were knights chosen by the kings of France, and called 'Peers' because they were all equal in worth, rank and prowess (at least if they were not they ought to have been), and it was a kind of religious order like those of Santiago and Calatrava in the present day, in which it is assumed that those who take it are valiant knights of distinction and good birth and just as we say now a Knight of St.
John, or of Alcntara, they used to say then a Knight of the Twelve Peers, because twelve equals were chosen for that military order. That there was a Cid, as well as a Bernardo del Carpio, there can be no doubt but that they did the deeds people say they did, I hold to be very doubtful.
In that other matter of the pin of Count Pierres that you speak of, and say is near Babieca's saddle in the Armoury, I confess my sin for I am either so stupid or so shortsighted, that, though I have seen the saddle, I have never been able to see the pin, in spite of it being as big as your worship says it is.
'For all that it is there, without any manner of doubt, said Don Quixote 'and more by token they say it is inclosed in a sheath of cowhide to keep it from rusting. 'All that may be, replied the canon 'but, by the orders I have received, I do not remember seeing it.
However, granting it is there, that is no reason why I am bound to believe the stories of all those Amadises and of all that multitude of knights they tell us about, nor is it reasonable that a man like your worship, so worthy, and with so many good qualities, and endowed with such a good understanding, should allow himself to be persuaded that such wild crazy things as are written in those absurd books of chivalry are really true.
'Books that have been printed with the king's licence, and with the approbation of those to whom they have been submitted, and read with universal delight, and extolled by great and small, rich and poor, learned and ignorant, gentle and simple, in a word by people of every sort, of whatever rank or condition they may bethat these should be lies!
And above all when they carry such an appearance of truth with them for they tell us the father, mother, country, kindred, age, place, and the achievements, step by step, and day by day, performed by such a knight or knights! Hush, sir utter not such blasphemy trust me I am advising you now to act as a sensible man should only read them, and you will see the pleasure you will derive from them.
'The sky seems more transparent there, and the sun shines with a strange brilliancy, and a delightful grove of green leafy trees presents itself to the eyes and charms the sight with its verdure, while the ear is soothed by the sweet untutored melody of the countless birds of gay plumage that flit to and fro among the interlacing branches.
There he perceives a cunningly wrought fountain of manycoloured jasper and polished marble here another of rustic fashion where the little musselshells and the spiral white and yellow mansions of the snail disposed in studious disorder, mingled with fragments of glittering crystal and mock emeralds, make up a work of varied aspect, where art, imitating nature, seems to have outdone it.
'Suddenly there is presented to his sight a strong castle or gorgeous palace with walls of massy gold, turrets of diamond and gates of jacinth in short, so marvellous is its structure that though the materials of which it is built are nothing less than diamonds, carbuncles, rubies, pearls, gold, and emeralds, the workmanship is still more rare.
And then when the repast is over and the tables removed, for the knight to recline in the chair, picking his teeth perhaps as usual, and a damsel, much lovelier than any of the others, to enter unexpectedly by the chamber door, and herself by his side, and begin to tell him what the castle is, and how she is held enchanted there, and other things that amaze the knight and astonish the readers who are perusing his history.
'But I will not expatiate any further upon this, as it may be gathered from it that whatever part of whatever history of a knighterrant one reads, it will fill the reader, whoever he be, with delight and wonder and take my advice, sir, and, as I said before, read these books and you will see how they will banish any melancholy you may feel and raise your spirits should they be depressed.
For this reason I should be glad were fortune soon to offer me some opportunity of making myself an emperor, so as to show my heart in doing good to my friends, particularly to this poor Sancho Panza, my squire, who is the best fellow in the world and I would gladly give him a county I have promised him this ever so long, only that I am afraid he has not the capacity to govern his realm.
'That, brother Sancho, said the canon, 'only holds good as far as the enjoyment of the revenue goes but the lord of the seigniory must attend to the administration of justice, and here capacity and sound judgment come in, and above all a firm determination to find out the truth for if this be wanting in the beginning, the middle and the end will always go wrong and God as commonly aids the honest intentions of the simple as he frustrates the evil designs of the crafty.
To which Don Quixote returned, 'I know not what more there is to be said I only guide myself by the example set me by the great Amadis of Gaul, when he made his squire count of the Insula Firme and so, without any scruples of conscience, I can make a count of Sancho Panza, for he is one of the best squires that ever knighterrant had.
The canon was astonished at the methodical nonsense (if nonsense be capable of method) that Don Quixote uttered, at the way in which he had described the adventure of the knight of the lake, at the impression that the deliberate lies of the books he read had made upon him, and lastly he marvelled at the simplicity of Sancho, who desired so eagerly to obtain the county his master had promised him.
By this time the canon's servants, who had gone to the inn to fetch the sumpter mule, had returned, and making a carpet and the green grass of the meadow serve as a table, they seated themselves in the shade of some trees and made their repast there, that the carter might not be deprived of the advantage of the spot, as has been already said.
As they were eating they suddenly heard a loud noise and the sound of a bell that seemed to come from among some brambles and thick bushes that were close by, and the same instant they observed a beautiful goat, spotted all over black, white, and brown, spring out of the thicket with a goatherd after it, calling to it and uttering the usual cries to make it stop or turn back to the fold.
The fugitive goat, scared and frightened, ran towards the company as if seeking their protection and then stood still, and the goatherd coming up seized it by the horns and began to talk to it as if it were possessed of reason and understanding 'Ah wanderer, wanderer, Spotty, Spotty how have you gone limping all this time?
What wolves have frightened you, my daughter? Won't you tell me what is the matter, my beauty? But what else can it be except that you are a she, and cannot keep quiet? A plague on your humours and the humours of those you take after! Come back, come back, my darling and if you will not be so happy, at any rate you will be safe in the fold or with your companions for if you who ought to keep and lead them, go wandering astray, what will become of them?
The goatherd's talk amused all who heard it, but especially the canon, who said to him, 'As you live, brother, take it easy, and be not in such a hurry to drive this goat back to the fold for, being a female, as you say, she will follow her natural instinct in spite of all you can do to prevent it.
The goatherd took it with thanks, and drank and calmed himself, and then said, 'I should be sorry if your worships were to take me for a simpleton for having spoken so seriously as I did to this animal but the truth is there is a certain mystery in the words I used.
'At all events, seor, returned the goatherd, 'they shelter men of experience and that you may see the truth of this and grasp it, though I may seem to put myself forward without being asked, I will, if it will not tire you, gentlemen, and you will give me your attention for a little, tell you a true story which will confirm this gentleman's word (and he pointed to the curate) as well as my own.
To this Don Quixote replied, 'Seeing that this affair has a certain colour of chivalry about it, I for my part, brother, will hear you most gladly, and so will all these gentlemen, from the high intelligence they possess and their love of curious novelties that interest, charm, and entertain the mind, as I feel quite sure your story will do.
'Thou art in the right of it, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'go where thou wilt and eat all thou canst, for I have had enough, and only want to give my mind its refreshment, as I shall by listening to this good fellow's story. 'It is what we shall all do, said the canon and then begged the goatherd to begin the promised tale.
The goatherd gave the goat which he held by the horns a couple of slaps on the back, saying, 'Lie down here beside me, Spotty, for we have time enough to return to our fold. The goat seemed to understand him, for as her master seated himself, she stretched herself quietly beside him and looked up in his face to show him she was all attention to what he was going to say, and then in these words he began his story.
Three leagues from this valley there is a village which, though small, is one of the richest in all this neighbourhood, and in it there lived a farmer, a very worthy man, and so much respected that, although to be so is the natural consequence of being rich, he was even more respected for his virtue than for the wealth he had acquired.
But what made him still more fortunate, as he said himself, was having a daughter of such exceeding beauty, rare intelligence, gracefulness, and virtue, that everyone who knew her and beheld her marvelled at the extraordinary gifts with which heaven and nature had endowed her. As a child she was beautiful, she continued to grow in beauty, and at the age of sixteen she was most lovely.
The fame of her beauty began to spread abroad through all the villages aroundbut why do I say the villages around, merely, when it spread to distant cities, and even made its way into the halls of royalty and reached the ears of people of every class, who came from all sides to see her as if to see something rare and curious, or some wonderworking image?
The wealth of the father and the beauty of the daughter led many neighbours as well as strangers to seek her for a wife but he, as one might well be who had the disposal of so rich a jewel, was perplexed and unable to make up his mind to which of her countless suitors he should entrust her.
I do not mean that they ought to leave them to make a choice of what is contemptible and bad, but that they should place before them what is good and then allow them to make a good choice as they please. I do not know which Leandra chose I only know her father put us both off with the tender age of his daughter and vague words that neither bound him nor dismissed us.
My rival is called Anselmo and I myself Eugeniothat you may know the names of the personages that figure in this tragedy, the end of which is still in suspense, though it is plain to see it must be disastrous. About this time there arrived in our town one Vicente de la Roca, the son of a poor peasant of the same town, the said Vicente having returned from service as a soldier in Italy and divers other parts.
A captain who chanced to pass that way with his company had carried him off from our village when he was a boy of about twelve years, and now twelve years later the young man came back in a soldier's uniform, arrayed in a thousand colours, and all over glass trinkets and fine steel chains.
The peasant folk, who are naturally malicious, and when they have nothing to do can be malice itself, remarked all this, and took note of his finery and jewellery, piece by piece, and discovered that he had three suits of different colours, with garters and stockings to match but he made so many arrangements and combinations out of them, that if they had not counted them, anyone would have sworn that he had made a display of more than ten suits of clothes and twenty plumes.
Do not look upon all this that I am telling you about the clothes as uncalled for or spun out, for they have a great deal to do with the story. He used to seat himself on a bench under the great poplar in our plaza, and there he would keep us all hanging openmouthed on the stories he told us of his exploits.
There was no country on the face of the globe he had not seen, nor battle he had not been engaged in he had killed more Moors than there are in Morocco and Tunis, and fought more single combats, according to his own account, than Garcilaso, Diego Garca de Paredes and a thousand others he named, and out of all he had come victorious without losing a drop of blood.
On the other hand he showed marks of wounds, which, though they could not be made out, he said were gunshot wounds received in divers encounters and actions. Lastly, with monstrous impudence he used to say 'you to his equals and even those who knew what he was, and declare that his arm was his father and his deeds his pedigree, and that being a soldier he was as good as the king himself.
And to add to these swaggering ways he was a trifle of a musician, and played the guitar with such a flourish that some said he made it speak nor did his accomplishments end here, for he was something of a poet too, and on every trifle that happened in the town he made a ballad a league long.
All the village and all who heard of it were amazed at the affair I was aghast, Anselmo thunderstruck, her father full of grief, her relations indignant, the authorities all in a ferment, the officers of the Brotherhood in arms. They scoured the roads, they searched the woods and all quarters, and at the end of three days they found the flighty Leandra in a mountain cave, stript to her shift, and robbed of all the money and precious jewels she had carried away from home with her.
It was not easy for us to credit the young man's continence, but she asserted it with such earnestness that it helped to console her distressed father, who thought nothing of what had been taken since the jewel that once lost can never be recovered had been left to his daughter.
Leandra's youth furnished an excuse for her fault, at least with those to whom it was of no consequence whether she was good or bad but those who knew her shrewdness and intelligence did not attribute her misdemeanour to ignorance but to wantonness and the natural disposition of women, which is for the most part flighty and illregulated.
Leandra withdrawn from sight, Anselmo's eyes grew blind, or at any rate found nothing to look at that gave them any pleasure, and mine were in darkness without a ray of light to direct them to anything enjoyable while Leandra was away. Our melancholy grew greater, our patience grew less we cursed the soldier's finery and railed at the carelessness of Leandra's father.
At last Anselmo and I agreed to leave the village and come to this valley and, he feeding a great flock of sheep of his own, and I a large herd of goats of mine, we pass our life among the trees, giving vent to our sorrows, together singing the fair Leandra's praises, or upbraiding her, or else sighing alone, and to heaven pouring forth our complaints in solitude.
Following our example, many more of Leandra's lovers have come to these rude mountains and adopted our mode of life, and they are so numerous that one would fancy the place had been turned into the pastoral Arcadia, so full is it of shepherds and sheepfolds nor is there a spot in it where the name of the fair Leandra is not heard.
There is no nook among the rocks, no brookside, no shade beneath the trees that is not haunted by some shepherd telling his woes to the breezes wherever there is an echo it repeats the name of Leandra the mountains ring with 'Leandra, 'Leandra murmur the brooks, and Leandra keeps us all bewildered and bewitched, hoping without hope and fearing without knowing what we fear.
Of all this silly set the one that shows the least and also the most sense is my rival Anselmo, for having so many other things to complain of, he only complains of separation, and to the accompaniment of a rebeck, which he plays admirably, he sings his complaints in verses that show his ingenuity.
I follow another, easier, and to my mind wiser course, and that is to rail at the frivolity of women, at their inconstancy, their double dealing, their broken promises, their unkept pledges, and in short the want of reflection they show in fixing their affections and inclinations. This, sirs, was the reason of words and expressions I made use of to this goat when I came up just now for as she is a female I have a contempt for her, though she is the best in all my fold.
This is the story I promised to tell you, and if I have been tedious in telling it, I will not be slow to serve you my hut is close by, and I have fresh milk and dainty cheese there, as well as a variety of toothsome fruit, no less pleasing to the eye than to the palate.
The goatherd's tale gave great satisfaction to all the hearers, and the canon especially enjoyed it, for he had remarked with particular attention the manner in which it had been told, which was as unlike the manner of a clownish goatherd as it was like that of a polished city wit and he observed that the curate had been quite right in saying that the woods bred men of learning.
But I trust in God our Lord that the might of one malignant enchanter may not prove so great but that the power of another better disposed may prove superior to it, and then I promise you my support and assistance, as I am bound to do by my profession, which is none other than to give aid to the weak and needy.
The goatherd eyed him, and noticing Don Quixote's sorry appearance and looks, he was filled with wonder, and asked the barber, who was next him, 'Seor, who is this man who makes such a figure and talks in such a strain? 'Who should it be, said the barber, 'but the famous Don Quixote of La Mancha, the undoer of injustice, the righter of wrongs, the protector of damsels, the terror of giants, and the winner of battles?
'That, said the goatherd, 'sounds like what one reads in the books of the knightserrant, who did all that you say this man does though it is my belief that either you are joking, or else this gentleman has empty lodgings in his head. 'You are a great scoundrel, said Don Quixote, 'and it is you who are empty and a fool.
Don Quixote, finding himself free, strove to get on top of the goatherd, who, with his face covered with blood, and soundly kicked by Sancho, was on all fours feeling about for one of the tableknives to take a bloody revenge with. The canon and the curate, however, prevented him, but the barber so contrived it that he got Don Quixote under him, and rained down upon him such a shower of fisticuffs that the poor knight's face streamed with blood as freely as his own.
The canon and the curate were bursting with laughter, the officers were capering with delight, and both the one and the other hissed them on as they do dogs that are worrying one another in a fight. Sancho alone was frantic, for he could not free himself from the grasp of one of the canon's servants, who kept him from going to his master's assistance.
But the one that was most excited by hearing it was Don Quixote, who though sorely against his will he was under the goatherd, and something more than pretty well pummelled, said to him, 'Brother devil (for it is impossible but that thou must be one since thou hast had might and strength enough to overcome mine), I ask thee to agree to a truce for but one hour for the solemn note of yonder trumpet that falls on our ears seems to me to summon me to some new adventure.
The goatherd, who was by this time tired of pummelling and being pummelled, released him at once, and Don Quixote rising to his feet and turning his eyes to the quarter where the sound had been heard, suddenly saw coming down the slope of a hill several men clad in white like penitents.
The fact was that the clouds had that year withheld their moisture from the earth, and in all the villages of the district they were organising processions, rogations, and penances, imploring God to open the hands of his mercy and send the rain and to this end the people of a village that was hard by were going in procession to a holy hermitage there was on one side of that valley.
Don Quixote when he saw the strange garb of the penitents, without reflecting how often he had seen it before, took it into his head that this was a case of adventure, and that it fell to him alone as a knighterrant to engage in it and he was all the more confirmed in this notion, by the idea that an image draped in black they had with them was some illustrious lady that these villains and discourteous thieves were carrying off by force.
But it was out of their power, nor did he even stop for the shouts of Sancho calling after him, 'Where are you going, Seor Don Quixote? What devils have possessed you to set you on against our Catholic faith? Plague take me! mind, that is a procession of penitents, and the lady they are carrying on that stand there is the blessed image of the immaculate Virgin.
Take care what you are doing, seor, for this time it may be safely said you don't know what you are about. Sancho laboured in vain, for his master was so bent on coming to quarters with these sheeted figures and releasing the lady in black that he did not hear a word and even had he heard, he would not have turned back if the king had ordered him.
He came up with the procession and reined in Rocinante, who was already anxious enough to slacken speed a little, and in a hoarse, excited voice he exclaimed, 'You who hide your faces, perhaps because you are not good subjects, pay attention and listen to what I am about to say to you.
The first to halt were those who were carrying the image, and one of the four ecclesiastics who were chanting the Litany, struck by the strange figure of Don Quixote, the leanness of Rocinante, and the other ludicrous peculiarities he observed, said in reply to him, 'Brother, if you have anything to say to us say it quickly, for these brethren are whipping themselves, and we cannot stop, nor is it reasonable we should stop to hear anything, unless indeed it is short enough to be said in two words.
'I will say it in one, replied Don Quixote, 'and it is this that at once, this very instant, ye release that fair lady whose tears and sad aspect show plainly that ye are carrying her off against her will, and that ye have committed some scandalous outrage against her and I, who was born into the world to redress all such like wrongs, will not permit you to advance another step until you have restored to her the liberty she pines for and deserves.
One of those who supported it, leaving the burden to his comrades, advanced to meet him, flourishing a forked stick that he had for propping up the stand when resting, and with this he caught a mighty cut Don Quixote made at him that severed it in two but with the portion that remained in his hand he dealt such a thwack on the shoulder of Don Quixote's sword arm (which the buckler could not protect against the clownish assault) that poor Don Quixote came to the ground in a sad plight.
Sancho Panza, who was coming on close behind puffing and blowing, seeing him fall, cried out to his assailant not to strike him again, for he was a poor enchanted knight, who had never harmed anyone all the days of his life but what checked the clown was, not Sancho's shouting, but seeing that Don Quixote did not stir hand or foot and so, fancying he had killed him, he hastily hitched up his tunic under his girdle and took to his heels across the country like a deer.
By this time all Don Quixote's companions had come up to where he lay but the processionists seeing them come running, and with them the officers of the Brotherhood with their crossbows, apprehended mischief, and clustering round the image, raised their hoods, and grasped their scourges, as the priests did their tapers, and awaited the attack, resolved to defend themselves and even to take the offensive against their assailants if they could.
The curate was known to another curate who walked in the procession, and their recognition of one another set at rest the apprehensions of both parties the first then told the other in two words who Don Quixote was, and he and the whole troop of penitents went to see if the poor gentleman was dead, and heard Sancho Panza saying, with tears in his eyes, 'Oh flower of chivalry, that with one blow of a stick hast ended the course of thy wellspent life!
Oh pride of thy race, honour and glory of all La Mancha, nay, of all the world, that for want of thee will be full of evildoers, no longer in fear of punishment for their misdeeds! Oh thou, generous above all the Alexanders, since for only eight months of service thou hast given me the best island the sea girds or surrounds!
Humble with the proud, haughty with the humble, encounterer of dangers, endurer of outrages, enamoured without reason, imitator of the good, scourge of the wicked, enemy of the mean, in short, knighterrant, which is all that can be said! At the cries and moans of Sancho, Don Quixote came to himself, and the first word he said was, 'He who lives separated from you, sweetest Dulcinea, has greater miseries to endure than these.
Aid me, friend Sancho, to mount the enchanted cart, for I am not in a condition to press the saddle of Rocinante, as this shoulder is all knocked to pieces. 'That I will do with all my heart, seor, said Sancho 'and let us return to our village with these gentlemen, who seek your good, and there we will prepare for making another sally, which may turn out more profitable and creditable to us.
'Thou art right, Sancho, returned Don Quixote 'It will be wise to let the malign influence of the stars which now prevails pass off. The canon, the curate, and the barber told him he would act very wisely in doing as he said and so, highly amused at Sancho Panza's simplicities, they placed Don Quixote in the cart as before.
The carter yoked his oxen and made Don Quixote comfortable on a truss of hay, and at his usual deliberate pace took the road the curate directed, and at the end of six days they reached Don Quixote's village, and entered it about the middle of the day, which it so happened was a Sunday, and the people were all in the plaza, through which Don Quixote's cart passed.
They all flocked to see what was in the cart, and when they recognised their townsman they were filled with amazement, and a boy ran off to bring the news to his housekeeper and his niece that their master and uncle had come back all lean and yellow and stretched on a truss of hay on an oxcart.
It was piteous to hear the cries the two good ladies raised, how they beat their breasts and poured out fresh maledictions on those accursed books of chivalry all which was renewed when they saw Don Quixote coming in at the gate. At the news of Don Quixote's arrival Sancho Panza's wife came running, for she by this time knew that her husband had gone away with him as his squire, and on seeing Sancho, the first thing she asked him was if the ass was well.
Sancho replied that he was, better than his master was. 'Thanks be to God, said she, 'for being so good to me but now tell me, my friend, what have you made by your squirings? What gown have you brought me back? What shoes for your children? 'I bring nothing of that sort, wife, said Sancho 'though I bring other things of more consequence and value.
'I will show them to you at home, wife, said Sancho 'be content for the present for if it please God that we should again go on our travels in search of adventures, you will soon see me a count, or governor of an island, and that not one of those everyday ones, but the best that is to be had.
'Heaven grant it, husband, said she, 'for indeed we have need of it. But tell me, what's this about islands, for I don't understand it? 'Honey is not for the mouth of the ass, returned Sancho 'all in good time thou shalt see, wifenay, thou wilt be surprised to hear thyself called 'your ladyship' by all thy vassals.
'What are you talking about, Sancho, with your ladyships, islands, and vassals? returned Teresa Panzafor so Sancho's wife was called, though they were not relations, for in La Mancha it is customary for wives to take their husbands' surnames. 'Don't be in such a hurry to know all this, Teresa, said Sancho 'it is enough that I am telling you the truth, so shut your mouth.
But I may tell you this much by the way, that there is nothing in the world more delightful than to be a person of consideration, squire to a knighterrant, and a seeker of adventures. To be sure most of those one finds do not end as pleasantly as one could wish, for out of a hundred, ninetynine will turn out cross and contrary.
I know it by experience, for out of some I came blanketed, and out of others belaboured. Still, for all that, it is a fine thing to be on the lookout for what may happen, crossing mountains, searching woods, climbing rocks, visiting castles, putting up at inns, all at free quarters, and devil take the maravedi to pay.
While this conversation passed between Sancho Panza and his wife, Don Quixote's housekeeper and niece took him in and undressed him and laid him in his old bed. He eyed them askance, and could not make out where he was. The curate charged his niece to be very careful to make her uncle comfortable and to keep a watch over him lest he should make his escape from them again, telling her what they had been obliged to do to bring him home.
On this the pair once more lifted up their voices and renewed their maledictions upon the books of chivalry, and implored heaven to plunge the authors of such lies and nonsense into the midst of the bottomless pit. They were, in short, kept in anxiety and dread lest their uncle and master should give them the slip the moment he found himself somewhat better, and as they feared so it fell out.
But the author of this history, though he has devoted research and industry to the discovery of the deeds achieved by Don Quixote in his third sally, has been unable to obtain any information respecting them, at any rate derived from authentic documents tradition has merely preserved in the memory of La Mancha the fact that Don Quixote, the third time he sallied forth from his home, betook himself to Saragossa, where he was present at some famous jousts which came off in that city, and that he had adventures there worthy of his valour and high intelligence.
And the said author asks of those that shall read it nothing in return for the vast toil which it has cost him in examining and searching the Manchegan archives in order to bring it to light, save that they give him the same credit that people of sense give to the books of chivalry that pervade the world and are so popular for with this he will consider himself amply paid and fully satisfied, and will be encouraged to seek out and produce other histories, if not as truthful, at least equal in invention and not less entertaining.
PANIAGUADO, ACADEMICIAN OF ARGAMASILLA, IN LAUDEM DULCINEAE DEL TOBOSO SONNET She, whose full features may be here descried, Highbosomed, with a bearing of disdain, Is Dulcinea, she for whom in vain The great Don Quixote of La Mancha sighed. For her, Toboso's queen, from side to side He traversed the grim sierra, the champaign Of Aranjuez, and Montiel's famous plain On Rocinante oft a weary ride.
Malignant planets, cruel destiny, Pursued them both, the fair Manchegan dame, And the unconquered star of chivalry. Nor youth nor beauty saved her from the claim Of death he paid love's bitter penalty, And left the marble to preserve his name. CAPRICHOSO, A MOST ACUTE ACADEMICIAN OF ARGAMASILLA, IN PRAISE OF ROCINANTE, STEED OF DON QUIXOTE OF LA MANCHA SONNET On that proud throne of diamantine sheen, Which the bloodreeking feet of Mars degrade, The mad Manchegan's banner now hath been By him in all its bravery displayed.
There hath he hung his arms and trenchant blade Wherewith, achieving deeds till now unseen, He slays, lays low, cleaves, hews but art hath made A novel style for our new paladin. If Amadis be the proud boast of Gaul, If by his progeny the fame of Greece Through all the regions of the earth be spread, Great Quixote crowned in grim Bellona's hall Today exalts La Mancha over these, And above Greece or Gaul she holds her head.
Nor ends his glory here, for his good steed Doth Brillador and Bayard far exceed As mettled steeds compared with Rocinante, The reputation they have won is scanty. BURLADOR, ACADEMICIAN OF ARGAMASILLA, ON SANCHO PANZA SONNET The worthy Sancho Panza here you see A great soul once was in that body small, Nor was there squire upon this earthly ball So plain and simple, or of guile so free.
Within an ace of being Count was he, And would have been but for the spite and gall Of this vile age, mean and illiberal, That cannot even let a donkey be. For mounted on an ass (excuse the word), By Rocinante's side this gentle squire Was wont his wandering master to attend.
Delusive hopes that lure the common herd With promises of ease, the heart's desire, In shadows, dreams, and smoke ye always end. CACHIDIABLO, ACADEMICIAN OF ARGAMASILLA, ON THE TOMB OF DON QUIXOTE EPITAPH The knight lies here below, Illerrant and bruised sore, Whom Rocinante bore In his wanderings to and fro.
By the side of the knight is laid Stolid man Sancho too, Than whom a squire more true Was not in the esquire trade. TIQUITOC, ACADEMICIAN OF ARGAMASILLA, ON THE TOMB OF DULCINEA DEL TOBOSO EPITAPH Here Dulcinea lies. Plump was she and robust Now she is ashes and dust The end of all flesh that dies.
A lady of high degree, With the port of a lofty dame, And the great Don Quixote's flame, And the pride of her village was she. These were all the verses that could be deciphered the rest, the writing being wormeaten, were handed over to one of the Academicians to make out their meaning conjecturally.
We have been informed that at the cost of many sleepless nights and much toil he has succeeded, and that he means to publish them in hopes of Don Quixote's third sally. 'Forse altro cantera con miglior plettro. These days past, when sending Your Excellency my plays, that had appeared in print before being shown on the stage, I said, if I remember well, that Don Quixote was putting on his spurs to go and render homage to Your Excellency.
Should he reach destination methinks I shall have rendered some service to Your Excellency, as from many parts I am urged to send him off, so as to dispel the loathing and disgust caused by another Don Quixote who, under the name of Second Part, has run masquerading through the whole world.
And he who has shown the greatest longing for him has been the great Emperor of China, who wrote me a letter in Chinese a month ago and sent it by a special courier. He asked me, or to be truthful, he begged me to send him Don Quixote, for he intended to found a college where the Spanish tongue would be taught, and it was his wish that the book to be read should be the History of Don Quixote.
'Then, brother, I replied, 'you can return to your China, post haste or at whatever haste you are bound to go, as I am not fit for so long a travel and, besides being ill, I am very much without money, while Emperor for Emperor and Monarch for Monarch, I have at Naples the great Count of Lemos, who, without so many petty titles of colleges and rectorships, sustains me, protects me and does me more favour than I can wish for.
Thus I gave him his leave and I beg mine from you, offering Your Excellency the 'Trabajos de Persiles y Sigismunda, a book I shall finish within four months, Deo volente, and which will be either the worst or the best that has been composed in our language, I mean of those intended for entertainment at which I repent of having called it the worst, for, in the opinion of friends, it is bound to attain the summit of possible quality.
At the service of Your Excellency MIGUEL DE CERVANTES SAAVEDRA God bless me, gentle (or it may be plebeian) reader, how eagerly must thou be looking forward to this preface, expecting to find there retaliation, scolding, and abuse against the author of the second Don QuixoteI mean him who was, they say, begotten at Tordesillas and born at Tarragona!
Well then, the truth is, I am not going to give thee that satisfaction for, though injuries stir up anger in humbler breasts, in mine the rule must admit of an exception. Thou wouldst have me call him ass, fool, and malapert, but I have no such intention let his offence be his punishment, with his bread let him eat it, and there's an end of it.
What I cannot help taking amiss is that he charges me with being old and onehanded, as if it had been in my power to keep time from passing over me, or as if the loss of my hand had been brought about in some tavern, and not on the grandest occasion the past or present has seen, or the future can hope to see.
If my wounds have no beauty to the beholder's eye, they are, at least, honourable in the estimation of those who know where they were received for the soldier shows to greater advantage dead in battle than alive in flight and so strongly is this my feeling, that if now it were proposed to perform an impossibility for me, I would rather have had my share in that mighty action, than be free from my wounds this minute without having been present at it.
Those the soldier shows on his face and breast are stars that direct others to the heaven of honour and ambition of merited praise and moreover it is to be observed that it is not with grey hairs that one writes, but with the understanding, and that commonly improves with years.
I take it amiss, too, that he calls me envious, and explains to me, as if I were ignorant, what envy is for really and truly, of the two kinds there are, I only know that which is holy, noble, and highminded and if that be so, as it is, I am not likely to attack a priest, above all if, in addition, he holds the rank of familiar of the Holy Office.
And if he said what he did on account of him on whose behalf it seems he spoke, he is entirely mistaken for I worship the genius of that person, and admire his works and his unceasing and strenuous industry. After all, I am grateful to this gentleman, the author, for saying that my novels are more satirical than exemplary, but that they are good for they could not be that unless there was a little of everything in them.
I suspect thou wilt say that I am taking a very humble line, and keeping myself too much within the bounds of my moderation, from a feeling that additional suffering should not be inflicted upon a sufferer, and that what this gentleman has to endure must doubtless be very great, as he does not dare to come out into the open field and broad daylight, but hides his name and disguises his country as if he had been guilty of some lese majesty.
If perchance thou shouldst come to know him, tell him from me that I do not hold myself aggrieved for I know well what the temptations of the devil are, and that one of the greatest is putting it into a man's head that he can write and print a book by which he will get as much fame as money, and as much money as fame and to prove it I will beg of you, in your own sprightly, pleasant way, to tell him this story.
In Cordova there was another madman, whose way it was to carry a piece of marble slab or a stone, not of the lightest, on his head, and when he came upon any unwary dog he used to draw close to him and let the weight fall right on top of him on which the dog in a rage, barking and howling, would run three streets without stopping.
The stone came down hitting it on the head, the dog raised a yell at the blow, the master saw the affair and was wroth, and snatching up a measuringyard rushed out at the madman and did not leave a sound bone in his body, and at every stroke he gave him he said, 'You dog, you thief!
my lurcher! Don't you see, you brute, that my dog is a lurcher? and so, repeating the word 'lurcher again and again, he sent the madman away beaten to a jelly. The madman took the lesson to heart, and vanished, and for more than a month never once showed himself in public but after that he came out again with his old trick and a heavier load than ever.
He came up to where there was a dog, and examining it very carefully without venturing to let the stone fall, he said 'This is a lurcher ware! In short, all the dogs he came across, be they mastiffs or terriers, he said were lurchers and he discharged no more stones.
Tell him, too, that I do not care a farthing for the threat he holds out to me of depriving me of my profit by means of his book for, to borrow from the famous interlude of 'The Perendenga, I say in answer to him, 'Long life to my lord the Veintiquatro, and Christ be with us all.
Long life to the great Conde de Lemos, whose Christian charity and wellknown generosity support me against all the strokes of my curst fortune and long life to the supreme benevolence of His Eminence of Toledo, Don Bernardo de Sandoval y Rojas and what matter if there be no printingpresses in the world, or if they print more books against me than there are letters in the verses of Mingo Revulgo!
These two princes, unsought by any adulation or flattery of mine, of their own goodness alone, have taken it upon them to show me kindness and protect me, and in this I consider myself happier and richer than if Fortune had raised me to her greatest height in the ordinary way.
The poor man may retain honour, but not the vicious poverty may cast a cloud over nobility, but cannot hide it altogether and as virtue of itself sheds a certain light, even though it be through the straits and chinks of penury, it wins the esteem of lofty and noble spirits, and in consequence their protection.
I was forgetting to tell thee that thou mayest expect the 'Persiles, which I am now finishing, and also the Second Part of 'Galatea. Cide Hamete Benengeli, in the Second Part of this history, and third sally of Don Quixote, says that the curate and the barber remained nearly a month without seeing him, lest they should recall or bring back to his recollection what had taken place.
They did not, however, omit to visit his niece and housekeeper, and charge them to be careful to treat him with attention, and give him comforting things to eat, and such as were good for the heart and the brain, whence, it was plain to see, all his misfortune proceeded.
The niece and housekeeper replied that they did so, and meant to do so with all possible care and assiduity, for they could perceive that their master was now and then beginning to show signs of being in his right mind. This gave great satisfaction to the curate and the barber, for they concluded they had taken the right course in carrying him off enchanted on the oxcart, as has been described in the First Part of this great as well as accurate history, in the last chapter thereof.
So they resolved to pay him a visit and test the improvement in his condition, although they thought it almost impossible that there could be any and they agreed not to touch upon any point connected with knighterrantry so as not to run the risk of reopening wounds which were still so tender.
They came to see him consequently, and found him sitting up in bed in a green baize waistcoat and a red Toledo cap, and so withered and dried up that he looked as if he had been turned into a mummy. They were very cordially received by him they asked him after his health, and he talked to them about himself very naturally and in very wellchosen language.
To this Don Quixote replied, 'His Majesty has acted like a prudent warrior in providing for the safety of his realms in time, so that the enemy may not find him unprepared but if my advice were taken I would recommend him to adopt a measure which at present, no doubt, his Majesty is very far from thinking of.
But the barber, who had the same suspicion as the curate, asked Don Quixote what would be his advice as to the measures that he said ought to be adopted for perhaps it might prove to be one that would have to be added to the list of the many impertinent suggestions that people were in the habit of offering to princes.
'Mine, master shaver, said Don Quixote, 'will not be impertinent, but, on the contrary, pertinent. 'I don't mean that, said the barber, 'but that experience has shown that all or most of the expedients which are proposed to his Majesty are either impossible, or absurd, or injurious to the King and to the kingdom.
'Mine, however, replied Don Quixote, 'is neither impossible nor absurd, but the easiest, the most reasonable, the readiest and most expeditious that could suggest itself to any projector's mind. 'You take a long time to tell it, Seor Don Quixote, said the curate. 'I don't choose to tell it here, now, said Don Quixote, 'and have it reach the ears of the lords of the council tomorrow morning, and some other carry off the thanks and rewards of my trouble.
'For my part, said the barber, 'I give my word here and before God that I will not repeat what your worship says, to King, Rook or earthly manan oath I learned from the ballad of the curate, who, in the prelude, told the king of the thief who had robbed him of the hundred gold crowns and his pacing mule.
'I am not versed in stories, said Don Quixote 'but I know the oath is a good one, because I know the barber to be an honest fellow. 'Even if he were not, said the curate, 'I will go bail and answer for him that in this matter he will be as silent as a dummy, under pain of paying any penalty that may be pronounced.
said Don Quixote at this, 'what more has his Majesty to do but to command, by public proclamation, all the knightserrant that are scattered over Spain to assemble on a fixed day in the capital, for even if no more than half a dozen come, there may be one among them who alone will suffice to destroy the entire might of the Turk.
Give me your attention and follow me. Is it, pray, any new thing for a single knighterrant to demolish an army of two hundred thousand men, as if they all had but one throat or were made of sugar paste? Nay, tell me, how many histories are there filled with these marvels?
If only (in an evil hour for me I don't speak for anyone else) the famous Don Belianis were alive now, or anyone of the innumerable progeny of Amadis of Gaul! If any these were alive today, and were to come face to face with the Turk, by my faith, I would not give much for the Turk's chance.
exclaimed the niece at this, 'may I die if my master does not want to turn knighterrant again to which Don Quixote replied, 'A knighterrant I shall die, and let the Turk come down or go up when he likes, and in as strong force as he can, once more I say, God knows what I mean.
But here the barber said, 'I ask your worships to give me leave to tell a short story of something that happened in Seville, which comes so pat to the purpose just now that I should like greatly to tell it. Don Quixote gave him leave, and the rest prepared to listen, and he began thus 'In the madhouse at Seville there was a man whom his relations had placed there as being out of his mind.
This graduate, after some years of confinement, took it into his head that he was sane and in his full senses, and under this impression wrote to the Archbishop, entreating him earnestly, and in very correct language, to have him released from the misery in which he was living for by God's mercy he had now recovered his lost reason, though his relations, in order to enjoy his property, kept him there, and, in spite of the truth, would make him out to be mad until his dying day.
The Archbishop, moved by repeated sensible, wellwritten letters, directed one of his chaplains to make inquiry of the madhouse as to the truth of the licentiate's statements, and to have an interview with the madman himself, and, if it should appear that he was in his senses, to take him out and restore him to liberty.
The chaplain did so, and the governor assured him that the man was still mad, and that though he often spoke like a highly intelligent person, he would in the end break out into nonsense that in quantity and quality counterbalanced all the sensible things he had said before, as might be easily tested by talking to him.
The chaplain resolved to try the experiment, and obtaining access to the madman conversed with him for an hour or more, during the whole of which time he never uttered a word that was incoherent or absurd, but, on the contrary, spoke so rationally that the chaplain was compelled to believe him to be sane.
Among other things, he said the governor was against him, not to lose the presents his relations made him for reporting him still mad but with lucid intervals and that the worst foe he had in his misfortune was his large property for in order to enjoy it his enemies disparaged and threw doubts upon the mercy our Lord had shown him in turning him from a brute beast into a man.
In short, he spoke in such a way that he cast suspicion on the governor, and made his relations appear covetous and heartless, and himself so rational that the chaplain determined to take him away with him that the Archbishop might see him, and ascertain for himself the truth of the matter.
Yielding to this conviction, the worthy chaplain begged the governor to have the clothes in which the licentiate had entered the house given to him. The governor again bade him beware of what he was doing, as the licentiate was beyond a doubt still mad but all his cautions and warnings were unavailing to dissuade the chaplain from taking him away.
The governor, seeing that it was the order of the Archbishop, obeyed, and they dressed the licentiate in his own clothes, which were new and decent. He, as soon as he saw himself clothed like one in his senses, and divested of the appearance of a madman, entreated the chaplain to permit him in charity to go and take leave of his comrades the madmen.
Approaching a cage in which there was a furious madman, though just at that moment calm and quiet, the licentiate said to him, 'Brother, think if you have any commands for me, for I am going home, as God has been pleased, in his infinite goodness and mercy, without any merit of mine, to restore me my reason.
I will take care to send you some good things to eat and be sure you eat them for I would have you know I am convinced, as one who has gone through it, that all this madness of ours comes of having the stomach empty and the brains full of wind.
for despondency in misfortune breaks down health and brings on death.' 'To all these words of the licentiate another madman in a cage opposite that of the furious one was listening and raising himself up from an old mat on which he lay stark naked, he asked in a loud voice who it was that was going away cured and in his senses.
The licentiate answered, 'It is I, brother, who am going I have now no need to remain here any longer, for which I return infinite thanks to Heaven that has had so great mercy upon me.' ''Mind what you are saying, licentiate don't let the devil deceive you,' replied the madman.
Dost thou not know, thou miserable little licentiate, that I can do it, being, as I say, Jupiter the Thunderer, who hold in my hands the fiery bolts with which I am able and am wont to threaten and lay waste the world? But in one way only will I punish this ignorant town, and that is by not raining upon it, nor on any part of its district or territory, for three whole years, to be reckoned from the day and moment when this threat is pronounced.
'So that's the story, master barber, said Don Quixote, 'which came in so pat to the purpose that you could not help telling it? Master shaver, master shaver! how blind is he who cannot see through a sieve. Is it possible that you do not know that comparisons of wit with wit, valour with valour, beauty with beauty, birth with birth, are always odious and unwelcome?
I, master barber, am not Neptune, the god of the waters, nor do I try to make anyone take me for an astute man, for I am not one. My only endeavour is to convince the world of the mistake it makes in not reviving in itself the happy time when the order of knighterrantry was in the field.
But now sloth triumphs over energy, indolence over exertion, vice over virtue, arrogance over courage, and theory over practice in arms, which flourished and shone only in the golden ages and in knightserrant. For tell me, who was more virtuous and more valiant than the famous Amadis of Gaul? Who more discreet than Palmerin of England?
Who more gracious and easy than Tirante el Blanco? Who more courtly than Lisuarte of Greece? Who more slashed or slashing than Don Belianis? Who more intrepid than Perion of Gaul? Who more ready to face danger than Felixmarte of Hircania? Who more sincere than Esplandian? Who more impetuous than Don Cirongilio of Thrace?
Who more bold than Rodamonte? Who more prudent than King Sobrino? Who more daring than Reinaldos? Who more invincible than Roland? and who more gallant and courteous than Ruggiero, from whom the dukes of Ferrara of the present day are descended, according to Turpin in his 'Cosmography.' All these knights, and many more that I could name, seor curate, were knightserrant, the light and glory of chivalry.
These, or such as these, I would have to carry out my plan, and in that case his Majesty would find himself well served and would save great expense, and the Turk would be left tearing his beard. And so I will stay where I am, as the chaplain does not take me away and if Jupiter, as the barber has told us, will not send rain, here am I, and I will rain when I please.
I say this that Master Basin may know that I understand him. 'Indeed, Seor Don Quixote, said the barber, 'I did not mean it in that way, and, so help me God, my intention was good, and your worship ought not to be vexed. 'As to whether I ought to be vexed or not, returned Don Quixote, 'I myself am the best judge.
Hereupon the curate observed, 'I have hardly said a word as yet and I would gladly be relieved of a doubt, arising from what Don Quixote has said, that worries and works my conscience. 'The seor curate has leave for more than that, returned Don Quixote, 'so he may declare his doubt, for it is not pleasant to have a doubt on one's conscience.
'Well then, with that permission, said the curate, 'I say my doubt is that, all I can do, I cannot persuade myself that the whole pack of knightserrant you, Seor Don Quixote, have mentioned, were really and truly persons of flesh and blood, that ever lived in the world on the contrary, I suspect it to be all fiction, fable, and falsehood, and dreams told by men awakened from sleep, or rather still half asleep.
'With regard to giants, replied Don Quixote, 'opinions differ as to whether there ever were any or not in the world but the Holy Scripture, which cannot err by a jot from the truth, shows us that there were, when it gives us the history of that big Philistine, Goliath, who was seven cubits and a half in height, which is a huge size.
But, for all that, I cannot speak with certainty as to the size of Morgante, though I suspect he cannot have been very tall and I am inclined to be of this opinion because I find in the history in which his deeds are particularly mentioned, that he frequently slept under a roof and as he found houses to contain him, it is clear that his bulk could not have been anything excessive.
'That is true, said the curate, and yielding to the enjoyment of hearing such nonsense, he asked him what was his notion of the features of Reinaldos of Montalban, and Don Roland and the rest of the Twelve Peers of France, for they were all knightserrant. 'As for Reinaldos, replied Don Quixote, 'I venture to say that he was broadfaced, of ruddy complexion, with roguish and somewhat prominent eyes, excessively punctilious and touchy, and given to the society of thieves and scapegraces.
With regard to Roland, or Rotolando, or Orlando (for the histories call him by all these names), I am of opinion, and hold, that he was of middle height, broadshouldered, rather bowlegged, swarthycomplexioned, redbearded, with a hairy body and a severe expression of countenance, a man of few words, but very polite and wellbred.
'If Roland was not a more graceful person than your worship has described, said the curate, 'it is no wonder that the fair Lady Angelica rejected him and left him for the gaiety, liveliness, and grace of that buddingbearded little Moor to whom she surrendered herself and she showed her sense in falling in love with the gentle softness of Medoro rather than the roughness of Roland.
'That Angelica, seor curate, returned Don Quixote, 'was a giddy damsel, flighty and somewhat wanton, and she left the world as full of her vagaries as of the fame of her beauty. She treated with scorn a thousand gentlemen, men of valour and wisdom, and took up with a smoothfaced sprig of a page, without fortune or fame, except such reputation for gratitude as the affection he bore his friend got for him.
The great poet who sang her beauty, the famous Ariosto, not caring to sing her adventures after her contemptible surrender (which probably were not over and above creditable), dropped her where he says How she received the sceptre of Cathay, Some bard of defter quill may sing some day and this was no doubt a kind of prophecy, for poets are also called vates, that is to say diviners and its truth was made plain for since then a famous Andalusian poet has lamented and sung her tears, and another famous and rare poet, a Castilian, has sung her beauty.
'I can well believe, replied Don Quixote, 'that if Sacripante or Roland had been poets they would have given the damsel a trimming for it is naturally the way with poets who have been scorned and rejected by their ladies, whether fictitious or not, in short by those whom they select as the ladies of their thoughts, to avenge themselves in satires and libelsa vengeance, to be sure, unworthy of generous hearts but up to the present I have not heard of any defamatory verse against the Lady Angelica, who turned the world upside down.
The history relates that the outcry Don Quixote, the curate, and the barber heard came from the niece and the housekeeper exclaiming to Sancho, who was striving to force his way in to see Don Quixote while they held the door against him, 'What does the vagabond want in this house?
Be off to your own, brother, for it is you, and no one else, that delude my master, and lead him astray, and take him tramping about the country. To which Sancho replied, 'Devil's own housekeeper! it is I who am deluded, and led astray, and taken tramping about the country, and not thy master!
He has carried me all over the world, and you are mightily mistaken. He enticed me away from home by a trick, promising me an island, which I am still waiting for. 'May evil islands choke thee, thou detestable Sancho, said the niece 'What are islands? Is it something to eat, glutton and gormandiser that thou art?
'It is not something to eat, replied Sancho, 'but something to govern and rule, and better than four cities or four judgeships at court. 'For all that, said the housekeeper, 'you don't enter here, you bag of mischief and sack of knavery go govern your house and dig your seedpatch, and give over looking for islands or shylands.
The curate and the barber listened with great amusement to the words of the three but Don Quixote, uneasy lest Sancho should blab and blurt out a whole heap of mischievous stupidities, and touch upon points that might not be altogether to his credit, called to him and made the other two hold their tongues and let him come in.
Sancho entered, and the curate and the barber took their leave of Don Quixote, of whose recovery they despaired when they saw how wedded he was to his crazy ideas, and how saturated with the nonsense of his unlucky chivalry and said the curate to the barber, 'You will see, gossip, that when we are least thinking of it, our gentleman will be off once more for another flight.
'I have no doubt of it, returned the barber 'but I do not wonder so much at the madness of the knight as at the simplicity of the squire, who has such a firm belief in all that about the island, that I suppose all the exposures that could be imagined would not get it out of his head.
'God help them, said the curate 'and let us be on the lookout to see what comes of all these absurdities of the knight and squire, for it seems as if they had both been cast in the same mould, and the madness of the master without the simplicity of the man would not be worth a farthing.
Meanwhile Don Quixote shut himself up in his room with Sancho, and when they were alone he said to him, 'It grieves me greatly, Sancho, that thou shouldst have said, and sayest, that I took thee out of thy cottage, when thou knowest I did not remain in my house.
We sallied forth together, we took the road together, we wandered abroad together we have had the same fortune and the same luck if they blanketed thee once, they belaboured me a hundred times, and that is the only advantage I have of thee. 'That was only reasonable, replied Sancho, 'for, by what your worship says, misfortunes belong more properly to knightserrant than to their squires.
'I mean to say, said Don Quixote, 'that when the head suffers all the members suffer and so, being thy lord and master, I am thy head, and thou a part of me as thou art my servant and therefore any evil that affects or shall affect me should give thee pain, and what affects thee give pain to me.
'It should be so, said Sancho 'but when I was blanketed as a member, my head was on the other side of the wall, looking on while I was flying through the air, and did not feel any pain whatever and if the members are obliged to feel the suffering of the head, it should be obliged to feel their sufferings.
'Dost thou mean to say now, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'that I did not feel when they were blanketing thee? If thou dost, thou must not say so or think so, for I felt more pain then in spirit than thou didst in body. But let us put that aside for the present, for we shall have opportunities enough for considering and settling the point tell me, Sancho my friend, what do they say about me in the village here?
What do the common people think of me? What do the hidalgos? What do the caballeros? What do they say of my valour of my achievements of my courtesy? How do they treat the task I have undertaken in reviving and restoring to the world the now forgotten order of chivalry?
In short, Sancho, I would have thee tell me all that has come to thine ears on this subject and thou art to tell me, without adding anything to the good or taking away anything from the bad for it is the duty of loyal vassals to tell the truth to their lords just as it is and in its proper shape, not allowing flattery to add to it or any idle deference to lessen it.
And I would have thee know, Sancho, that if the naked truth, undisguised by flattery, came to the ears of princes, times would be different, and other ages would be reckoned iron ages more than ours, which I hold to be the golden of these latter days. Profit by this advice, Sancho, and report to me clearly and faithfully the truth of what thou knowest touching what I have demanded of thee.
'That I will do with all my heart, master, replied Sancho, 'provided your worship will not be vexed at what I say, as you wish me to say it out in all its nakedness, without putting any more clothes on it than it came to my knowledge in. 'I will not be vexed at all, returned Don Quixote 'thou mayest speak freely, Sancho, and without any beating about the bush.
'Well then, said he, 'first of all, I have to tell you that the common people consider your worship a mighty great madman, and me no less a fool. The hidalgos say that, not keeping within the bounds of your quality of gentleman, you have assumed the 'Don,' and made a knight of yourself at a jump, with four vinestocks and a couple of acres of land, and never a shirt to your back.
The caballeros say they do not want to have hidalgos setting up in opposition to them, particularly squire hidalgos who polish their own shoes and darn their black stockings with green silk. 'That, said Don Quixote, 'does not apply to me, for I always go well dressed and never patched ragged I may be, but ragged more from the wear and tear of arms than of time.
'As to your worship's valour, courtesy, accomplishments, and task, there is a variety of opinions. Some say, 'mad but droll' others, 'valiant but unlucky' others, 'courteous but meddling,' and then they go into such a number of things that they don't leave a whole bone either in your worship or in myself.
'Recollect, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'that wherever virtue exists in an eminent degree it is persecuted. Few or none of the famous men that have lived escaped being calumniated by malice. Julius Csar, the boldest, wisest, and bravest of captains, was charged with being ambitious, and not particularly cleanly in his dress, or pure in his morals.
Of Alexander, whose deeds won him the name of Great, they say that he was somewhat of a drunkard. Of Hercules, him of the many labours, it is said that he was lewd and luxurious. Of Don Galaor, the brother of Amadis of Gaul, it was whispered that he was overquarrelsome, and of his brother that he was lachrymose.
'I promise thee, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'the author of our history will be some sage enchanter for to such nothing that they choose to write about is hidden. 'What! said Sancho, 'a sage and an enchanter! Why, the bachelor Samson Carrasco (that is the name of him I spoke of) says the author of the history is called Cide Hamete Berengena.
'That is a Moorish name, said Don Quixote. 'May be so, replied Sancho 'for I have heard say that the Moors are mostly great lovers of berengenas. 'Thou must have mistaken the surname of this 'Cide'which means in Arabic 'Lord'Sancho, observed Don Quixote. 'Very likely, replied Sancho, 'but if your worship wishes me to fetch the bachelor I will go for him in a twinkling.
'Thou wilt do me a great pleasure, my friend, said Don Quixote, 'for what thou hast told me has amazed me, and I shall not eat a morsel that will agree with me until I have heard all about it. 'Then I am off for him, said Sancho and leaving his master he went in quest of the bachelor, with whom he returned in a short time, and, all three together, they had a very droll colloquy.
Don Quixote remained very deep in thought, waiting for the bachelor Carrasco, from whom he was to hear how he himself had been put into a book as Sancho said and he could not persuade himself that any such history could be in existence, for the blood of the enemies he had slain was not yet dry on the blade of his sword, and now they wanted to make out that his mighty achievements were going about in print.
For all that, he fancied some sage, either a friend or an enemy, might, by the aid of magic, have given them to the press if a friend, in order to magnify and exalt them above the most famous ever achieved by any knighterrant if an enemy, to bring them to naught and degrade them below the meanest ever recorded of any low squire, though as he said to himself, the achievements of squires never were recorded.
If, however, it were the fact that such a history were in existence, it must necessarily, being the story of a knighterrant, be grandiloquent, lofty, imposing, grand and true. With this he comforted himself somewhat, though it made him uncomfortable to think that the author was a Moor, judging by the title of 'Cide and that no truth was to be looked for from Moors, as they are all impostors, cheats, and schemers.
He was afraid he might have dealt with his love affairs in some indecorous fashion, that might tend to the discredit and prejudice of the purity of his lady Dulcinea del Toboso he would have had him set forth the fidelity and respect he had always observed towards her, spurning queens, empresses, and damsels of all sorts, and keeping in check the impetuosity of his natural impulses.
The bachelor, though he was called Samson, was of no great bodily size, but he was a very great wag he was of a sallow complexion, but very sharpwitted, somewhere about fourandtwenty years of age, with a round face, a flat nose, and a large mouth, all indications of a mischievous disposition and a love of fun and jokes and of this he gave a sample as soon as he saw Don Quixote, by falling on his knees before him and saying, 'Let me kiss your mightiness's hand, Seor Don Quixote of La Mancha, for, by the habit of St.
Peter that I wear, though I have no more than the first four orders, your worship is one of the most famous knightserrant that have ever been, or will be, all the world over. A blessing on Cide Hamete Benengeli, who has written the history of your great deeds, and a double blessing on that connoisseur who took the trouble of having it translated out of the Arabic into our Castilian vulgar tongue for the universal entertainment of the people!
Don Quixote made him rise, and said, 'So, then, it is true that there is a history of me, and that it was a Moor and a sage who wrote it? 'So true is it, seor, said Samson, 'that my belief is there are more than twelve thousand volumes of the said history in print this very day.
'One of the things, here observed Don Quixote, 'that ought to give most pleasure to a virtuous and eminent man is to find himself in his lifetime in print and in type, familiar in people's mouths with a good name I say with a good name, for if it be the opposite, then there is no death to be compared to it.
'Tell me, seor bachelor, said Sancho at this point, 'does the adventure with the Yanguesans come in, when our good Rocinante went hankering after dainties? 'The sage has left nothing in the inkbottle, replied Samson 'he tells all and sets down everything, even to the capers that worthy Sancho cut in the blanket.
'I cut no capers in the blanket, returned Sancho 'in the air I did, and more of them than I liked. 'There is no human history in the world, I suppose, said Don Quixote, 'that has not its ups and downs, but more than others such as deal with chivalry, for they can never be entirely made up of prosperous adventures.
'For all that, replied the bachelor, 'there are those who have read the history who say they would have been glad if the author had left out some of the countless cudgellings that were inflicted on Seor Don Quixote in various encounters. 'That's where the truth of the history comes in, said Sancho.
'At the same time they might fairly have passed them over in silence, observed Don Quixote 'for there is no need of recording events which do not change or affect the truth of a history, if they tend to bring the hero of it into contempt. neas was not in truth and earnest so pious as Virgil represents him, nor Ulysses so wise as Homer describes him.
'That is true, said Samson 'but it is one thing to write as a poet, another to write as a historian the poet may describe or sing things, not as they were, but as they ought to have been but the historian has to write them down, not as they ought to have been, but as they were, without adding anything to the truth or taking anything from it.
'Well then, said Sancho, 'if this seor Moor goes in for telling the truth, no doubt among my master's drubbings mine are to be found for they never took the measure of his worship's shoulders without doing the same for my whole body but I have no right to wonder at that, for, as my master himself says, the members must share the pain of the head.
'You are a sly dog, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'i' faith, you have no want of memory when you choose to remember. 'If I were to try to forget the thwacks they gave me, said Sancho, 'my weals would not let me, for they are still fresh on my ribs.
'Hush, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'and don't interrupt the bachelor, whom I entreat to go on and tell all that is said about me in this history. 'And about me, said Sancho, 'for they say, too, that I am one of the principal presonages in it. 'Personages, not presonages, friend Sancho, said Samson.
'May God shorten mine, Sancho, returned the bachelor, 'if you are not the second person in the history, and there are even some who would rather hear you talk than the cleverest in the whole book though there are some, too, who say you showed yourself overcredulous in believing there was any possibility in the government of that island offered you by Seor Don Quixote.
'By God, master, said Sancho, 'the island that I cannot govern with the years I have, I'll not be able to govern with the years of Methuselah the difficulty is that the said island keeps its distance somewhere, I know not where and not that there is any want of head in me to govern it.
'Leave it to God, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'for all will be and perhaps better than you think no leaf on the tree stirs but by God's will. 'That is true, said Samson 'and if it be God's will, there will not be any want of a thousand islands, much less one, for Sancho to govern.
'I have seen governors in these parts, said Sancho, 'that are not to be compared to my shoesole and for all that they are called 'your lordship' and served on silver. 'Those are not governors of islands, observed Samson, 'but of other governments of an easier kind those that govern islands must at least know grammar.
'One of the faults they find with this history, said the bachelor, 'is that its author inserted in it a novel called 'The Illadvised Curiosity' not that it is bad or illtold, but that it is out of place and has nothing to do with the history of his worship Seor Don Quixote.
In fact, the conclusion I arrive at, seor bachelor, is, that to write histories, or books of any kind, there is need of great judgment and a ripe understanding. To give expression to humour, and write in a strain of graceful pleasantry, is the gift of great geniuses. The cleverest character in comedy is the clown, for he who would make people take him for a fool, must not be one.
History is in a measure a sacred thing, for it should be true, and where the truth is, there God is but notwithstanding this, there are some who write and fling books broadcast on the world as if they were fritters. 'There is no book so bad but it has something good in it, said the bachelor.
'No doubt of that, replied Don Quixote 'but it often happens that those who have acquired and attained a welldeserved reputation by their writings, lose it entirely, or damage it in some degree, when they give them to the press. 'The reason of that, said Samson, 'is, that as printed works are examined leisurely, their faults are easily seen and the greater the fame of the writer, the more closely are they scrutinised.
Men famous for their genius, great poets, illustrious historians, are always, or most commonly, envied by those who take a particular delight and pleasure in criticising the writings of others, without having produced any of their own. 'That is no wonder, said Don Quixote 'for there are many divines who are no good for the pulpit, but excellent in detecting the defects or excesses of those who preach.
'Quite the contrary, said the bachelor 'for, as stultorum infinitum est numerus, innumerable are those who have relished the said history but some have brought a charge against the author's memory, inasmuch as he forgot to say who the thief was who stole Sancho's Dapple for it is not stated there, but only to be inferred from what is set down, that he was stolen, and a little farther on we see Sancho mounted on the same ass, without any reappearance of it.
They say, too, that he forgot to state what Sancho did with those hundred crowns that he found in the valise in the Sierra Morena, as he never alludes to them again, and there are many who would be glad to know what he did with them, or what he spent them on, for it is one of the serious omissions of the work.
'Seor Samson, I am not in a humour now for going into accounts or explanations, said Sancho 'for there's a sinking of the stomach come over me, and unless I doctor it with a couple of sups of the old stuff it will put me on the thorn of Santa Lucia.
I have it at home, and my old woman is waiting for me after dinner I'll come back, and will answer you and all the world every question you may choose to ask, as well about the loss of the ass as about the spending of the hundred crowns and without another word or waiting for a reply he made off home.
Don Quixote begged and entreated the bachelor to stay and do penance with him. The bachelor accepted the invitation and remained, a couple of young pigeons were added to the ordinary fare, at dinner they talked chivalry, Carrasco fell in with his host's humour, the banquet came to an end, they took their afternoon sleep, Sancho returned, and their conversation was resumed.
'Day came, continued Sancho, 'and the moment I stirred the stakes gave way and I fell to the ground with a mighty come down I looked about for the ass, but could not see him the tears rushed to my eyes and I raised such a lamentation that, if the author of our history has not put it in, he may depend upon it he has left out a good thing.
Some days after, I know not how many, travelling with her ladyship the Princess Micomicona, I saw my ass, and mounted upon him, in the dress of a gipsy, was that Gines de Pasamonte, the great rogue and rascal that my master and I freed from the chain. 'That is not where the mistake is, replied Samson 'it is, that before the ass has turned up, the author speaks of Sancho as being mounted on it.
Let each look to himself and not try to make out white black, and black white for each of us is as God made him, aye, and often worse. 'I will take care, said Carrasco, 'to impress upon the author of the history that, if he prints it again, he must not forget what worthy Sancho has said, for it will raise it a good span higher.
said Don Quixote. 'What? replied Samson 'why, as soon as he has found the history which he is now searching for with extraordinary diligence, he will at once give it to the press, moved more by the profit that may accrue to him from doing so than by any thought of praise.
Whereat Sancho observed, 'The author looks for money and profit, does he? It will be a wonder if he succeeds, for it will be only hurry, hurry, with him, like the tailor on Easter Eve and works done in a hurry are never finished as perfectly as they ought to be.
Let master Moor, or whatever he is, pay attention to what he is doing, and I and my master will give him as much grouting ready to his hand, in the way of adventures and accidents of all sorts, as would make up not only one second part, but a hundred.
The good man fancies, no doubt, that we are fast asleep in the straw here, but let him hold up our feet to be shod and he will see which foot it is we go lame on. All I say is, that if my master would take my advice, we would be now afield, redressing outrages and righting wrongs, as is the use and custom of good knightserrant.
Announcing his intention to the bachelor, he asked his advice as to the quarter in which he ought to commence his expedition, and the bachelor replied that in his opinion he ought to go to the kingdom of Aragon, and the city of Saragossa, where there were to be certain solemn joustings at the festival of St.
George, at which he might win renown above all the knights of Aragon, which would be winning it above all the knights of the world. He commended his very praiseworthy and gallant resolution, but admonished him to proceed with greater caution in encountering dangers, because his life did not belong to him, but to all those who had need of him to protect and aid them in their misfortunes.
there is a time to attack and a time to retreat, and it is not to be always 'Santiago, and close Spain!' Moreover, I have heard it said (and I think by my master himself, if I remember rightly) that the mean of valour lies between the extremes of cowardice and rashness and if that be so, I don't want him to fly without having good reason, or to attack when the odds make it better not.
But, above all things, I warn my master that if he is to take me with him it must be on the condition that he is to do all the fighting, and that I am not to be called upon to do anything except what concerns keeping him clean and comfortable in this I will dance attendance on him readily but to expect me to draw sword, even against rascally churls of the hatchet and hood, is idle.
But for all that, if heaven were to make me a fair offer of an island or something else of the kind, without much trouble and without much risk, I am not such a fool as to refuse it for they say, too, 'when they offer thee a heifer, run with a halter and 'when good luck comes to thee, take it in.' 'Brother Sancho, said Carrasco, 'you have spoken like a professor but, for all that, put your trust in God and in Seor Don Quixote, for he will give you a kingdom, not to say an island.
'It is all the same, be it more or be it less, replied Sancho 'though I can tell Seor Carrasco that my master would not throw the kingdom he might give me into a sack all in holes for I have felt my own pulse and I find myself sound enough to rule kingdoms and govern islands and I have before now told my master as much.
'Take care, Sancho, said Samson 'honours change manners, and perhaps when you find yourself a governor you won't know the mother that bore you. 'That may hold good of those that are born in the ditches, said Sancho, 'not of those who have the fat of an old Christian four fingers deep on their souls, as I have.
He then begged the bachelor, if he were a poet, to do him the favour of composing some verses for him conveying the farewell he meant to take of his lady Dulcinea del Toboso, and to see that a letter of her name was placed at the beginning of each line, so that, at the end of the verses, 'Dulcinea del Toboso might be read by putting together the first letters.
'It must be, by some means or other, said Don Quixote, 'for unless the name stands there plain and manifest, no woman would believe the verses were made for her. They agreed upon this, and that the departure should take place in three days from that time. Don Quixote charged the bachelor to keep it a secret, especially from the curate and Master Nicholas, and from his niece and the housekeeper, lest they should prevent the execution of his praiseworthy and valiant purpose.
To which he replied, 'Wife, if it were God's will, I should be very glad not to be so well pleased as I show myself. 'I don't understand you, husband, said she, 'and I don't know what you mean by saying you would be glad, if it were God's will, not to be well pleased for, fool as I am, I don't know how one can find pleasure in not having it.
'I know well enough, husband, said Teresa, 'that squireserrant don't eat their bread for nothing, and so I will be always praying to our Lord to deliver you speedily from all that hard fortune. 'I can tell you, wife, said Sancho, 'if I did not expect to see myself governor of an island before long, I would drop down dead on the spot.
'Nay, then, husband, said Teresa 'let the hen live, though it be with her pip, live, and let the devil take all the governments in the world you came out of your mother's womb without a government, you have lived until now without a government, and when it is God's will you will go, or be carried, to your grave without a government.
How many there are in the world who live without a government, and continue to live all the same, and are reckoned in the number of the people. The best sauce in the world is hunger, and as the poor are never without that, they always eat with a relish.
But mind, Sancho, if by good luck you should find yourself with some government, don't forget me and your children. Remember that Sanchico is now full fifteen, and it is right he should go to school, if his uncle the abbot has a mind to have him trained for the Church.
Consider, too, that your daughter MariSancha will not die of grief if we marry her for I have my suspicions that she is as eager to get a husband as you to get a government and, after all, a daughter looks better ill married than well whored. 'By my faith, replied Sancho, 'if God brings me to get any sort of a government, I intend, wife, to make such a high match for MariSancha that there will be no approaching her without calling her 'my lady.
'Nay, Sancho, returned Teresa 'marry her to her equal, that is the safest plan for if you put her out of wooden clogs into highheeled shoes, out of her grey flannel petticoat into hoops and silk gowns, out of the plain 'Marica' and 'thou,' into 'Doa Soandso' and 'my lady,' the girl won't know where she is, and at every turn she will fall into a thousand blunders that will show the thread of her coarse homespun stuff.
'Keep to your own station, Sancho, replied Teresa 'don't try to raise yourself higher, and bear in mind the proverb that says, 'wipe the nose of your neigbbour's son, and take him into your house.' A fine thing it would be, indeed, to marry our Maria to some great count or grand gentleman, who, when the humour took him, would abuse her and call her clownbred and clodhopper's daughter and spinning wench.
Look ye, Teresa, I have always heard my elders say that he who does not know how to take advantage of luck when it comes to him, has no right to complain if it gives him the goby and now that it is knocking at our door, it will not do to shut it out let us go with the favouring breeze that blows upon us.
'Don't you see, you animal, continued Sancho, 'that it will be well for me to drop into some profitable government that will lift us out of the mire, and marry MariSancha to whom I like and you yourself will find yourself called 'Doa Teresa Panza,' and sitting in church on a fine carpet and cushions and draperies, in spite and in defiance of all the born ladies of the town?
No, stay as you are, growing neither greater nor less, like a tapestry figureLet us say no more about it, for Sanchica shall be a countess, say what you will. 'Are you sure of all you say, husband? replied Teresa. 'Well, for all that, I am afraid this rank of countess for my daughter will be her ruin.
I don't know, I'm sure, who fixed the 'Don' to him, what neither his father nor grandfather ever had. 'I declare thou hast a devil of some sort in thy body! said Sancho. 'God help thee, what a lot of things thou hast strung together, one after the other, without head or tail!
replied Teresa 'because of the proverb that says 'who covers thee, discovers thee.' At the poor man people only throw a hasty glance on the rich man they fix their eyes and if the said rich man was once on a time poor, it is then there is the sneering and the tattle and spite of backbiters and in the streets here they swarm as thick as bees.
'Look here, Teresa, said Sancho, 'and listen to what I am now going to say to you maybe you never heard it in all your life and I do not give my own notions, for what I am about to say are the opinions of his reverence the preacher, who preached in this town last Lent, and who said, if I remember rightly, that all things present that our eyes behold, bring themselves before us, and remain and fix themselves on our memory much better and more forcibly than things past.
'Don't set yourself to wrangle with me, husband, said Teresa 'I speak as God pleases, and don't deal in outoftheway phrases and I say if you are bent upon having a government, take your son Sancho with you, and teach him from this time on how to hold a government for sons ought to inherit and learn the trades of their fathers.
'As soon as I have the government, said Sancho, 'I will send for him by post, and I will send thee money, of which I shall have no lack, for there is never any want of people to lend it to governors when they have not got it and do thou dress him so as to hide what he is and make him look what he is to be.
'The day that I see her a countess, replied Teresa, 'it will be the same to me as if I was burying her but once more I say do as you please, for we women are born to this burden of being obedient to our husbands, though they be dogs and with this she began to weep in earnest, as if she already saw Sanchica dead and buried.
While Sancho Panza and his wife, Teresa Cascajo, held the above irrelevant conversation, Don Quixote's niece and housekeeper were not idle, for by a thousand signs they began to perceive that their uncle and master meant to give them the slip the third time, and once more betake himself to his, for them, illerrant chivalry.
Nevertheless, among many other representations made to him, the housekeeper said to him, 'In truth, master, if you do not keep still and stay quiet at home, and give over roaming mountains and valleys like a troubled spirit, looking for what they say are called adventures, but what I call misfortunes, I shall have to make complaint to God and the king with loud supplication to send some remedy.
To which Don Quixote replied, 'What answer God will give to your complaints, housekeeper, I know not, nor what his Majesty will answer either I only know that if I were king I should decline to answer the numberless silly petitions they present every day for one of the greatest among the many troubles kings have is being obliged to listen to all and answer all, and therefore I should be sorry that any affairs of mine should worry him.
Whereupon the housekeeper said, 'Tell us, seor, at his Majesty's court are there no knights? 'There are, replied Don Quixote, 'and plenty of them and it is right there should be, to set off the dignity of the prince, and for the greater glory of the king's majesty. 'Then might not your worship, said she, 'be one of those that, without stirring a step, serve their king and lord in his court?
And you must know besides, that the true knighterrant, though he may see ten giants, that not only touch the clouds with their heads but pierce them, and that go, each of them, on two tall towers by way of legs, and whose arms are like the masts of mighty ships, and each eye like a great millwheel, and glowing brighter than a glass furnace, must not on any account be dismayed by them.
On the contrary, he must attack and fall upon them with a gallant bearing and a fearless heart, and, if possible, vanquish and destroy them, even though they have for armour the shells of a certain fish, that they say are harder than diamonds, and in place of swords wield trenchant blades of Damascus steel, or clubs studded with spikes also of steel, such as I have more than once seen.
All this I say, housekeeper, that you may see the difference there is between the one sort of knight and the other and it would be well if there were no prince who did not set a higher value on this second, or more properly speaking first, kind of knightserrant for, as we read in their histories, there have been some among them who have been the salvation, not merely of one kingdom, but of many.
'Ah, seor, here exclaimed the niece, 'remember that all this you are saying about knightserrant is fable and fiction and their histories, if indeed they were not burned, would deserve, each of them, to have a sambenito put on it, or some mark by which it might be known as infamous and a corrupter of good manners.
'By the God that gives me life, said Don Quixote, 'if thou wert not my full niece, being daughter of my own sister, I would inflict a chastisement upon thee for the blasphemy thou hast uttered that all the world should ring with. What! can it be that a young hussy that hardly knows how to handle a dozen lacebobbins dares to wag her tongue and criticise the histories of knightserrant?
He, however, no doubt would forgive thee, for he was the most humbleminded and courteous knight of his time, and moreover a great protector of damsels but some there are that might have heard thee, and it would not have been well for thee in that case for they are not all courteous or mannerly some are illconditioned scoundrels nor is it everyone that calls himself a gentleman, that is so in all respects some are gold, others pinchbeck, and all look like gentlemen, but not all can stand the touchstone of truth.
There are men of low rank who strain themselves to bursting to pass for gentlemen, and high gentlemen who, one would fancy, were dying to pass for men of low rank the former raise themselves by their ambition or by their virtues, the latter debase themselves by their lack of spirit or by their vices and one has need of experience and discernment to distinguish these two kinds of gentlemen, so much alike in name and so different in conduct.
said the niece, 'that you should know so much, uncleenough, if need be, to get up into a pulpit and go preach in the streetsand yet that you should fall into a delusion so great and a folly so manifest as to try to make yourself out vigorous when you are old, strong when you are sickly, able to put straight what is crooked when you yourself are bent by age, and, above all, a caballero when you are not one for though gentlefolk may be so, poor men are nothing of the kind!
Of the first, those that had an humble origin and rose to the greatness they still preserve, the Ottoman house may serve as an example, which from an humble and lowly shepherd, its founder, has reached the height at which we now see it. For examples of the second sort of lineage, that began with greatness and maintains it still without adding to it, there are the many princes who have inherited the dignity, and maintain themselves in their inheritance, without increasing or diminishing it, keeping peacefully within the limits of their states.
Of those that began great and ended in a point, there are thousands of examples, for all the Pharaohs and Ptolemies of Egypt, the Csars of Rome, and the whole herd (if I may apply such a word to them) of countless princes, monarchs, lords, Medes, Assyrians, Persians, Greeks, and barbarians, all these lineages and lordships have ended in a point and come to nothing, they themselves as well as their founders, for it would be impossible now to find one of their descendants, and, even should we find one, it would be in some lowly and humble condition.
Of plebeian lineages I have nothing to say, save that they merely serve to swell the number of those that live, without any eminence to entitle them to any fame or praise beyond this. From all I have said I would have you gather, my poor innocents, that great is the confusion among lineages, and that only those are seen to be great and illustrious that show themselves so by the virtue, wealth, and generosity of their possessors.
I have said virtue, wealth, and generosity, because a great man who is vicious will be a great example of vice, and a rich man who is not generous will be merely a miserly beggar for the possessor of wealth is not made happy by possessing it, but by spending it, and not by spending as he pleases, but by knowing how to spend it well.
There are two roads, my daughters, by which men may reach wealth and honours one is that of letters, the other that of arms. I have more of arms than of letters in my composition, and, judging by my inclination to arms, was born under the influence of the planet Mars.
'Woe is me! exclaimed the niece, 'my lord is a poet, too! He knows everything, and he can do everything I will bet, if he chose to turn mason, he could make a house as easily as a cage. 'I can tell you, niece, replied Don Quixote, 'if these chivalrous thoughts did not engage all my faculties, there would be nothing that I could not do, nor any sort of knickknack that would not come from my hands, particularly cages and toothpicks.
At this moment there came a knocking at the door, and when they asked who was there, Sancho Panza made answer that it was he. The instant the housekeeper knew who it was, she ran to hide herself so as not to see him in such abhorrence did she hold him.
The instant the housekeeper saw Sancho Panza shut himself in with her master, she guessed what they were about and suspecting that the result of the consultation would be a resolve to undertake a third sally, she seized her mantle, and in deep anxiety and distress, ran to find the bachelor Samson Carrasco, as she thought that, being a wellspoken man, and a new friend of her master's, he might be able to persuade him to give up any such crazy notion.
She found him pacing the patio of his house, and, perspiring and flurried, she fell at his feet the moment she saw him. Carrasco, seeing how distressed and overcome she was, said to her, 'What is this, mistress housekeeper? What has happened to you? One would think you heartbroken. 'Nothing, Seor Samson, said she, 'only that my master is breaking out, plainly breaking out.
'He is only breaking out at the door of his madness, she replied 'I mean, dear seor bachelor, that he is going to break out again (and this will be the third time) to hunt all over the world for what he calls ventures, though I can't make out why he gives them that name.
'That I can well believe, replied the bachelor, 'for they are so good and so fat, and so wellbred, that they would not say one thing for another, though they were to burst for it. In short then, mistress housekeeper, that is all, and there is nothing the matter, except what it is feared Don Quixote may do?
'No, seor, said she. 'Well then, returned the bachelor, 'don't be uneasy, but go home in peace get me ready something hot for breakfast, and while you are on the way say the prayer of Santa Apollonia, that is if you know it for I will come presently and you will see miracles.
'I know what I am saying, mistress housekeeper go, and don't set yourself to argue with me, for you know I am a bachelor of Salamanca, and one can't be more of a bachelor than that, replied Carrasco and with this the housekeeper retired, and the bachelor went to look for the curate, and arrange with him what will be told in its proper place.
While Don Quixote and Sancho were shut up together, they had a discussion which the history records with great precision and scrupulous exactness. Sancho said to his master, 'Seor, I have educed my wife to let me go with your worship wherever you choose to take me. 'Induced, you should say, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'not educed.
'Once or twice, as well as I remember, replied Sancho, 'I have begged of your worship not to mend my words, if so be as you understand what I mean by them and if you don't understand them to say 'Sancho,' or 'devil,' 'I don't understand thee and if I don't make my meaning plain, then you may correct me, for I am so focile 'I don't understand thee, Sancho, said Don Quixote at once 'for I know not what 'I am so focile' means.
''So focile' means I am so much that way, replied Sancho. 'I understand thee still less now, said Don Quixote. 'Well, if you can't understand me, said Sancho, 'I don't know how to put it I know no more, God help me. 'Oh, now I have hit it, said Don Quixote 'thou wouldst say thou art so docile, tractable, and gentle that thou wilt take what I say to thee, and submit to what I teach thee.
'I would bet, said Sancho, 'that from the very first you understood me, and knew what I meant, but you wanted to put me out that you might hear me make another couple of dozen blunders. 'May be so, replied Don Quixote 'but to come to the point, what does Teresa say?
'Teresa says, replied Sancho, 'that I should make sure with your worship, and 'let papers speak and beards be still,' for 'he who binds does not wrangle,' since one 'take' is better than two 'I'll give thee's' and I say a woman's advice is no great thing, and he who won't take it is a fool.
'What I am driving at, said Sancho, 'is that your worship settle some fixed wages for me, to be paid monthly while I am in your service, and that the same be paid me out of your estate for I don't care to stand on rewards which either come late, or ill, or never at all God help me with my own.
To be sure, if it should happen (what I neither believe nor expect) that your worship were to give me that island you have promised me, I am not so ungrateful nor so grasping but that I would be willing to have the revenue of such island valued and stopped out of my wages in due promotion.
'Sancho, my friend, replied Don Quixote, 'sometimes proportion may be as good as promotion. 'I see, said Sancho 'I'll bet I ought to have said proportion, and not promotion but it is no matter, as your worship has understood me. 'And so well understood, returned Don Quixote, 'that I have seen into the depths of thy thoughts, and know the mark thou art shooting at with the countless shafts of thy proverbs.
And so, my Sancho, get you back to your house and explain my intentions to your Teresa, and if she likes and you like to be on reward with me, bene quidem if not, we remain friends for if the pigeonhouse does not lack food, it will not lack pigeons and bear in mind, my son, that a good hope is better than a bad holding, and a good grievance better than a bad compensation.
I speak in this way, Sancho, to show you that I can shower down proverbs just as well as yourself and in short, I mean to say, and I do say, that if you don't like to come on reward with me, and run the same chance that I run, God be with you and make a saint of you for I shall find plenty of squires more obedient and painstaking, and not so thickheaded or talkative as you are.
When Sancho heard his master's firm, resolute language, a cloud came over the sky with him and the wings of his heart drooped, for he had made sure that his master would not go without him for all the wealth of the world and as he stood there dumbfoundered and moody, Samson Carrasco came in with the housekeeper and niece, who were anxious to hear by what arguments he was about to dissuade their master from going to seek adventures.
The arch wag Samson came forward, and embracing him as he had done before, said with a loud voice, 'O flower of knighterrantry! O shining light of arms! O honour and mirror of the Spanish nation! may God Almighty in his infinite power grant that any person or persons, who would impede or hinder thy third sally, may find no way out of the labyrinth of their schemes, nor ever accomplish what they most desire!
On, then, my lord Don Quixote, beautiful and brave, let your worship and highness set out today rather than tomorrow and if anything be needed for the execution of your purpose, here am I ready in person and purse to supply the want and were it requisite to attend your magnificence as squire, I should esteem it the happiest good fortune.
At this, Don Quixote, turning to Sancho, said, 'Did I not tell thee, Sancho, there would be squires enough and to spare for me? See now who offers to become one no less than the illustrious bachelor Samson Carrasco, the perpetual joy and delight of the courts of the Salamancan schools, sound in body, discreet, patient under heat or cold, hunger or thirst, with all the qualifications requisite to make a knighterrant's squire!
But heaven forbid that, to gratify my own inclination, I should shake or shatter this pillar of letters and vessel of the sciences, and cut down this towering palm of the fair and liberal arts. Let this new Samson remain in his own country, and, bringing honour to it, bring honour at the same time on the grey heads of his venerable parents for I will be content with any squire that comes to hand, as Sancho does not deign to accompany me.
In fine, Don Quixote and Sancho embraced one another and made friends, and by the advice and with the approval of the great Carrasco, who was now their oracle, it was arranged that their departure should take place three days thence, by which time they could have all that was requisite for the journey ready, and procure a closed helmet, which Don Quixote said he must by all means take.
The curses which both housekeeper and niece poured out on the bachelor were past counting they tore their hair, they clawed their faces, and in the style of the hired mourners that were once in fashion, they raised a lamentation over the departure of their master and uncle, as if it had been his death.
Finally, then, during those three days, Don Quixote and Sancho provided themselves with what they considered necessary, and Sancho having pacified his wife, and Don Quixote his niece and housekeeper, at nightfall, unseen by anyone except the bachelor, who thought fit to accompany them half a league out of the village, they set out for El Toboso, Don Quixote on his good Rocinante and Sancho on his old Dapple, his alforjas furnished with certain matters in the way of victuals, and his purse with money that Don Quixote gave him to meet emergencies.
Samson embraced him, and entreated him to let him hear of his good or evil fortunes, so that he might rejoice over the former or condole with him over the latter, as the laws of friendship required. Don Quixote promised him he would do so, and Samson returned to the village, and the other two took the road for the great city of El Toboso.
Said Don Quixote, 'Sancho, my friend, night is drawing on upon us as we go, and more darkly than will allow us to reach El Toboso by daylight for there I am resolved to go before I engage in another adventure, and there I shall obtain the blessing and generous permission of the peerless Dulcinea, with which permission I expect and feel assured that I shall conclude and bring to a happy termination every perilous adventure for nothing in life makes knightserrant more valorous than finding themselves favoured by their ladies.
'So I believe, replied Sancho 'but I think it will be difficult for your worship to speak with her or see her, at any rate where you will be able to receive her blessing unless, indeed, she throws it over the wall of the yard where I saw her the time before, when I took her the letter that told of the follies and mad things your worship was doing in the heart of Sierra Morena.
'Didst thou take that for a yard wall, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'where or at which thou sawest that never sufficiently extolled grace and beauty? It must have been the gallery, corridor, or portico of some rich and royal palace. 'It might have been all that, returned Sancho, 'but to me it looked like a wall, unless I am short of memory.
'At all events, let us go there, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'for, so that I see her, it is the same to me whether it be over a wall, or at a window, or through the chink of a door, or the grate of a garden for any beam of the sun of her beauty that reaches my eyes will give light to my reason and strength to my heart, so that I shall be unmatched and unequalled in wisdom and valour.
'Well, to tell the truth, seor, said Sancho, 'when I saw that sun of the lady Dulcinea del Toboso, it was not bright enough to throw out beams at all it must have been, that as her grace was sifting that wheat I told you of, the thick dust she raised came before her face like a cloud and dimmed it.
dost thou still persist, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'in saying, thinking, believing, and maintaining that my lady Dulcinea was sifting wheat, that being an occupation and task entirely at variance with what is and should be the employment of persons of distinction, who are constituted and reserved for other avocations and pursuits that show their rank a bowshot off?
O envy, root of all countless evils, and cankerworm of the virtues! All the vices, Sancho, bring some kind of pleasure with them but envy brings nothing but irritation, bitterness, and rage. 'So I say too, replied Sancho 'and I suspect in that legend or history of us that the bachelor Samson Carrasco told us he saw, my honour goes dragged in the dirt, knocked about, up and down, sweeping the streets, as they say.
But let them say what they like naked was I born, naked I find myself, I neither lose nor gain nay, while I see myself put into a book and passed on from hand to hand over the world, I don't care a fig, let them say what they like of me.
'That, Sancho, returned Don Quixote, 'reminds me of what happened to a famous poet of our own day, who, having written a bitter satire against all the courtesan ladies, did not insert or name in it a certain lady of whom it was questionable whether she was one or not.
She, seeing she was not in the list of the poet, asked him what he had seen in her that he did not include her in the number of the others, telling him he must add to his satire and put her in the new part, or else look out for the consequences.
In keeping with this is what they relate of that shepherd who set fire to the famous temple of Diana, by repute one of the seven wonders of the world, and burned it with the sole object of making his name live in after ages and, though it was forbidden to name him, or mention his name by word of mouth or in writing, lest the object of his ambition should be attained, nevertheless it became known that he was called Erostratus.
The emperor was anxious to see that famous temple of the Rotunda, called in ancient times the temple 'of all the gods,' but nowadays, by a better nomenclature, 'of all the saints,' which is the best preserved building of all those of pagan construction in Rome, and the one which best sustains the reputation of mighty works and magnificence of its founders.
My meaning is, Sancho, that the desire of acquiring fame is a very powerful motive. What, thinkest thou, was it that flung Horatius in full armour down from the bridge into the depths of the Tiber? What burned the hand and arm of Mutius? What impelled Curtius to plunge into the deep burning gulf that opened in the midst of Rome?
All these and a variety of other great exploits are, were and will be, the work of fame that mortals desire as a reward and a portion of the immortality their famous deeds deserve though we Catholic Christians and knightserrant look more to that future glory that is everlasting in the ethereal regions of heaven than to the vanity of the fame that is to be acquired in this present transitory life a fame that, however long it may last, must after all end with the world itself, which has its own appointed end.
We have to slay pride in giants, envy by generosity and nobleness of heart, anger by calmness of demeanour and equanimity, gluttony and sloth by the spareness of our diet and the length of our vigils, lust and lewdness by the loyalty we preserve to those whom we have made the mistresses of our thoughts, indolence by traversing the world in all directions seeking opportunities of making ourselves, besides Christians, famous knights.
Such, Sancho, are the means by which we reach those extremes of praise that fair fame carries with it. 'All that your worship has said so far, said Sancho, 'I have understood quite well but still I would be glad if your worship would dissolve a doubt for me, which has just this minute come into my mind.
'Solve, thou meanest, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'say on, in God's name, and I will answer as well as I can. 'Tell me, seor, Sancho went on to say, 'those Julys or Augusts, and all those venturous knights that you say are now deadwhere are they now? 'The heathens, replied Don Quixote, 'are, no doubt, in hell the Christians, if they were good Christians, are either in purgatory or in heaven.
'Very good, said Sancho 'but now I want to knowthe tombs where the bodies of those great lords are, have they silver lamps before them, or are the walls of their chapels ornamented with crutches, windingsheets, tresses of hair, legs and eyes in wax? Or what are they ornamented with?
To which Don Quixote made answer 'The tombs of the heathens were generally sumptuous temples the ashes of Julius Csar's body were placed on the top of a stone pyramid of vast size, which they now call in Rome Saint Peter's needle. The emperor Hadrian had for a tomb a castle as large as a goodsized village, which they called the Moles Adriani, and is now the castle of St.
The queen Artemisia buried her husband Mausolus in a tomb which was reckoned one of the seven wonders of the world but none of these tombs, or of the many others of the heathens, were ornamented with windingsheets or any of those other offerings and tokens that show that they who are buried there are saints.
'Now I have got you, said Sancho 'in that case the fame of them who bring the dead to life, who give sight to the blind, cure cripples, restore health to the sick, and before whose tombs there are lamps burning, and whose chapels are filled with devout folk on their knees adoring their relics be a better fame in this life and in the other than that which all the heathen emperors and knightserrant that have ever been in the world have left or may leave behind them?
'Then this fame, these favours, these privileges, or whatever you call it, said Sancho, 'belong to the bodies and relics of the saints who, with the approbation and permission of our holy mother Church, have lamps, tapers, windingsheets, crutches, pictures, eyes and legs, by means of which they increase devotion and add to their own Christian reputation.
So that, seor, it is better to be an humble little friar of no matter what order, than a valiant knighterrant with God a couple of dozen of penance lashings are of more avail than two thousand lancethrusts, be they given to giants, or monsters, or dragons. 'All that is true, returned Don Quixote, 'but we cannot all be friars, and many are the ways by which God takes his own to heaven chivalry is a religion, there are sainted knights in glory.
'Yes, said Sancho, 'but I have heard say that there are more friars in heaven than knightserrant. 'That, said Don Quixote, 'is because those in religious orders are more numerous than knights. 'The errants are many, said Sancho. 'Many, replied Don Quixote, 'but few they who deserve the name of knights.
In the end, Don Quixote made up his mind to enter the city at nightfall, and they waited until the time came among some oak trees that were near El Toboso and when the moment they had agreed upon arrived, they made their entrance into the city, where something happened them that may fairly be called something.
'Twas at the very midnight hourmore or lesswhen Don Quixote and Sancho quitted the wood and entered El Toboso. The town was in deep silence, for all the inhabitants were asleep, and stretched on the broad of their backs, as the saying is. The night was darkish, though Sancho would have been glad had it been quite dark, so as to find in the darkness an excuse for his blundering.
Now and then an ass brayed, pigs grunted, cats mewed, and the various noises they made seemed louder in the silence of the night all which the enamoured knight took to be of evil omen nevertheless he said to Sancho, 'Sancho, my son, lead on to the palace of Dulcinea, it may be that we shall find her awake.
'Body of the sun! what palace am I to lead to, said Sancho, 'when what I saw her highness in was only a very little house? 'Most likely she had then withdrawn into some small apartment of her palace, said Don Quixote, 'to amuse herself with damsels, as great ladies and princesses are accustomed to do.
'Seor, said Sancho, 'if your worship will have it in spite of me that the house of my lady Dulcinea is a palace, is this an hour, think you, to find the door open and will it be right for us to go knocking till they hear us and open the door making a disturbance and confusion all through the household?
Are we going, do you fancy, to the house of our wenches, like gallants who come and knock and go in at any hour, however late it may be? 'Let us first of all find out the palace for certain, replied Don Quixote, 'and then I will tell thee, Sancho, what we had best do but look, Sancho, for either I see badly, or that dark mass that one sees from here should be Dulcinea's palace.
Don Quixote took the lead, and having gone a matter of two hundred paces he came upon the mass that produced the shade, and found it was a great tower, and then he perceived that the building in question was no palace, but the chief church of the town, and said he, 'It's the church we have lit upon, Sancho.
'So I see, said Sancho, 'and God grant we may not light upon our graves it is no good sign to find oneself wandering in a graveyard at this time of night and that, after my telling your worship, if I don't mistake, that the house of this lady will be in an alley without an outlet.
'Seor, replied Sancho, 'every country has a way of its own perhaps here in El Toboso it is the way to build palaces and grand buildings in alleys so I entreat your worship to let me search about among these streets or alleys before me, and perhaps, in some corner or other, I may stumble on this palaceand I wish I saw the dogs eating it for leading us such a dance.
'I'll hold my tongue, said Sancho, 'but how am I to take it patiently when your worship wants me, with only once seeing the house of our mistress, to know always, and find it in the middle of the night, when your worship can't find it, who must have seen it thousands of times?
'Thou wilt drive me to desperation, Sancho, said Don Quixote. 'Look here, heretic, have I not told thee a thousand times that I have never once in my life seen the peerless Dulcinea or crossed the threshold of her palace, and that I am enamoured solely by hearsay and by the great reputation she bears for beauty and discretion?
'I hear it now, returned Sancho 'and I may tell you that if you have not seen her, no more have I. 'That cannot be, said Don Quixote, 'for, at any rate, thou saidst, on bringing back the answer to the letter I sent by thee, that thou sawest her sifting wheat.
'Sancho, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'there are times for jests and times when jests are out of place if I tell thee that I have neither seen nor spoken to the lady of my heart, it is no reason why thou shouldst say thou hast not spoken to her or seen her, when the contrary is the case, as thou well knowest.
While the two were engaged in this conversation, they perceived someone with a pair of mules approaching the spot where they stood, and from the noise the plough made, as it dragged along the ground, they guessed him to be some labourer who had got up before daybreak to go to his work, and so it proved to be.
He came along singing the ballad that says Ill did ye fare, ye men of France, In Roncesvalles chase 'May I die, Sancho, said Don Quixote, when he heard him, 'if any good will come to us tonight! Dost thou not hear what that clown is singing? 'I do, said Sancho, 'but what has Roncesvalles chase to do with what we have in hand?
He might just as well be singing the ballad of Calainos, for any good or ill that can come to us in our business. By this time the labourer had come up, and Don Quixote asked him, 'Can you tell me, worthy friend, and God speed you, whereabouts here is the palace of the peerless princess Doa Dulcinea del Toboso?
In that house opposite there live the curate of the village and the sacristan, and both or either of them will be able to give your worship some account of this lady princess, for they have a list of all the people of El Toboso though it is my belief there is not a princess living in the whole of it many ladies there are, of quality, and in her own house each of them may be a princess.
'Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'thou hast delivered a thousand sentences condensed in the compass of a few words I thank thee for the advice thou hast given me, and take it most gladly. Come, my son, let us go look for some place where I may hide, while thou dost return, as thou sayest, to seek, and speak with my lady, from whose discretion and courtesy I look for favours more than miraculous.
Sancho was in a fever to get his master out of the town, lest he should discover the falsehood of the reply he had brought to him in the Sierra Morena on behalf of Dulcinea so he hastened their departure, which they took at once, and two miles out of the village they found a forest or thicket wherein Don Quixote ensconced himself, while Sancho returned to the city to speak to Dulcinea, in which embassy things befell him which demand fresh attention and a new chapter.
When the author of this great history comes to relate what is set down in this chapter he says he would have preferred to pass it over in silence, fearing it would not be believed, because here Don Quixote's madness reaches the confines of the greatest that can be conceived, and even goes a couple of bowshots beyond the greatest.
Sancho undertook to execute the task according to the instructions, and to bring back an answer as good as the one he brought back before. 'Go, my son, said Don Quixote, 'and be not dazed when thou findest thyself exposed to the light of that sun of beauty thou art going to seek.
In short, my son, observe all her actions and motions, for if thou wilt report them to me as they were, I will gather what she hides in the recesses of her heart as regards my love for I would have thee know, Sancho, if thou knowest it not, that with lovers the outward actions and motions they give way to when their loves are in question are the faithful messengers that carry the news of what is going on in the depths of their hearts.
'I will go and return quickly, said Sancho 'cheer up that little heart of yours, master mine, for at the present moment you seem to have got one no bigger than a hazel nut remember what they say, that a stout heart breaks bad luck, and that where there are no fletches there are no pegs and moreover they say, the hare jumps up where it's not looked for.
I say this because, if we could not find my lady's palaces or castles tonight, now that it is daylight I count upon finding them when I least expect it, and once found, leave it to me to manage her. 'Verily, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'thou dost always bring in thy proverbs happily, whatever we deal with may God give me better luck in what I am anxious about.
Are you going to look for some ass that has been lost? Not at all. Then what are you going to look for? I am going to look for a princess, that's all and in her for the sun of beauty and the whole heaven at once. And where do you expect to find all this, Sancho?
Where? Why, in the great city of El Toboso. Well, and for whom are you going to look for her? For the famous knight Don Quixote of La Mancha, who rights wrongs, gives food to those who thirst and drink to the hungry. That's all very well, but do you know her house, Sancho?
And does it strike you that it would be just and right if the El Toboso people, finding out that you were here with the intention of going to tamper with their princesses and trouble their ladies, were to come and cudgel your ribs, and not leave a whole bone in you?
They would, indeed, have very good reason, if they did not see that I am under orders, and that 'you are a messenger, my friend, no blame belongs to you.' Don't you trust to that, Sancho, for the Manchegan folk are as hottempered as they are honest, and won't put up with liberties from anybody.
By the Lord, if they get scent of you, it will be worse for you, I promise you. Be off, you scoundrel! Let the bolt fall. Why should I go looking for three feet on a cat, to please another man and what is more, when looking for Dulcinea will be looking for Marica in Ravena, or the bachelor in Salamanca?
The devil, the devil and nobody else, has mixed me up in this business! Such was the soliloquy Sancho held with himself, and all the conclusion he could come to was to say to himself again, 'Well, there's remedy for everything except death, under whose yoke we have all to pass, whether we like it or not, when life's finished.
Maybe, by holding out in this way, I may put a stop to his sending me on messages of this kind another time or maybe he will think, as I suspect he will, that one of those wicked enchanters, who he says have a spite against him, has changed her form for the sake of doing him an ill turn and injuring him.
To be brief, the instant Sancho saw the peasant girls, he returned full speed to seek his master, and found him sighing and uttering a thousand passionate lamentations. When Don Quixote saw him he exclaimed, 'What news, Sancho, my friend? Am I to mark this day with a white stone or a black?
'Your worship, replied Sancho, 'had better mark it with ruddle, like the inscriptions on the walls of class rooms, that those who see it may see it plain. 'Then thou bringest good news, said Don Quixote. 'So good, replied Sancho, 'that your worship has only to spur Rocinante and get out into the open field to see the lady Dulcinea del Toboso, who, with two others, damsels of hers, is coming to see your worship.
'Holy God! what art thou saying, Sancho, my friend? exclaimed Don Quixote. 'Take care thou art not deceiving me, or seeking by false joy to cheer my real sadness. 'What could I get by deceiving your worship, returned Sancho, 'especially when it will so soon be shown whether I tell the truth or not?
Her damsels and she are all one glow of gold, all bunches of pearls, all diamonds, all rubies, all cloth of brocade of more than ten borders with their hair loose on their shoulders like so many sunbeams playing with the wind and moreover, they come mounted on three piebald cackneys, the finest sight ever you saw.
'Let us go, Sancho, my son, said Don Quixote, 'and in guerdon of this news, as unexpected as it is good, I bestow upon thee the best spoil I shall win in the first adventure I may have or if that does not satisfy thee, I promise thee the foals I shall have this year from my three mares that thou knowest are in foal on our village common.
'I'll take the foals, said Sancho 'for it is not quite certain that the spoils of the first adventure will be good ones. By this time they had cleared the wood, and saw the three village lasses close at hand. Don Quixote looked all along the road to El Toboso, and as he could see nobody except the three peasant girls, he was completely puzzled, and asked Sancho if it was outside the city he had left them.
'How outside the city? returned Sancho. 'Are your worship's eyes in the back of your head, that you can't see that they are these who are coming here, shining like the very sun at noonday? 'I see nothing, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'but three country girls on three jackasses. 'Now, may God deliver me from the devil!
said Sancho, 'and can it be that your worship takes three hackneysor whatever they're calledas white as the driven snow, for jackasses? By the Lord, I could tear my beard if that was the case! 'Well, I can only say, Sancho, my friend, said Don Quixote, 'that it is as plain they are jackassesor jennyassesas that I am Don Quixote, and thou Sancho Panza at any rate, they seem to me to be so.
I am Sancho Panza, his squire, and he the vagabond knight Don Quixote of La Mancha, otherwise called 'The Knight of the Rueful Countenance.' Don Quixote had by this time placed himself on his knees beside Sancho, and, with eyes starting out of his head and a puzzled gaze, was regarding her whom Sancho called queen and lady and as he could see nothing in her except a village lass, and not a very wellfavoured one, for she was platterfaced and snubnosed, he was perplexed and bewildered, and did not venture to open his lips.
The country girls, at the same time, were astonished to see these two men, so different in appearance, on their knees, preventing their companion from going on. She, however, who had been stopped, breaking silence, said angrily and testily, 'Get out of the way, bad luck to you, and let us pass, for we are in a hurry.
To which Sancho returned, 'Oh, princess and universal lady of El Toboso, is not your magnanimous heart softened by seeing the pillar and prop of knighterrantry on his knees before your sublimated presence? On hearing this, one of the others exclaimed, 'Woa then! why, I'm rubbing thee down, sheass of my fatherinlaw!
See how the lordlings come to make game of the village girls now, as if we here could not chaff as well as themselves. Go your own way, and let us go ours, and it will be better for you. 'Get up, Sancho, said Don Quixote at this 'I see that fortune, 'with evil done to me unsated still,' has taken possession of all the roads by which any comfort may reach 'this wretched soul' that I carry in my flesh.
'Heyday! My grandfather! cried the girl, 'much I care for your lovemaking! Get out of the way and let us pass, and we'll thank you. Sancho stood aside and let her go, very well pleased to have got so well out of the hobble he was in. The instant the village lass who had done duty for Dulcinea found herself free, prodding her 'cackney with a spike she had at the end of a stick, she set off at full speed across the field.
The packsaddle being secured, as Don Quixote was about to lift up his enchanted mistress in his arms and put her upon her beast, the lady, getting up from the ground, saved him the trouble, for, going back a little, she took a short run, and putting both hands on the croup of the ass she dropped into the saddle more lightly than a falcon, and sat astride like a man, whereat Sancho said, 'Rogue!
but our lady is lighter than a lanner, and might teach the cleverest Cordovan or Mexican how to mount she cleared the back of the saddle in one jump, and without spurs she is making the hackney go like a zebra and her damsels are no way behind her, for they all fly like the wind which was the truth, for as soon as they saw Dulcinea mounted, they pushed on after her, and sped away without looking back, for more than half a league.
Don Quixote followed them with his eyes, and when they were no longer in sight, he turned to Sancho and said, 'How now, Sancho? thou seest how I am hated by enchanters! And see to what a length the malice and spite they bear me go, when they seek to deprive me of the happiness it would give me to see my lady in her own proper form.
Observe too, Sancho, that these traitors were not content with changing and transforming my Dulcinea, but they transformed and changed her into a shape as mean and illfavoured as that of the village girl yonder and at the same time they robbed her of that which is such a peculiar property of ladies of distinction, that is to say, the sweet fragrance that comes of being always among perfumes and flowers.
For I must tell thee, Sancho, that when I approached to put Dulcinea upon her hackney (as thou sayest it was, though to me it appeared a sheass), she gave me a whiff of raw garlic that made my head reel, and poisoned my very heart. 'O scum of the earth!
'From the correspondence which exists between those of the face and those of the body, said Don Quixote, 'Dulcinea must have another mole resembling that on the thick of the thigh on that side on which she has the one on her face but hairs of the length thou hast mentioned are very long for moles.
'Well, all I can say is there they were as plain as could be, replied Sancho. 'I believe it, my friend, returned Don Quixote 'for nature bestowed nothing on Dulcinea that was not perfect and wellfinished and so, if she had a hundred moles like the one thou hast described, in her they would not be moles, but moons and shining stars.
But tell me, Sancho, that which seemed to me to be a packsaddle as thou wert fixing it, was it a flatsaddle or a sidesaddle? 'It was neither, replied Sancho, 'but a jineta saddle, with a field covering worth half a kingdom, so rich is it. 'And that I could not see all this, Sancho!
At length, after a good deal more conversation had passed between them, they remounted their beasts, and followed the road to Saragossa, which they expected to reach in time to take part in a certain grand festival which is held every year in that illustrious city but before they got there things happened to them, so many, so important, and so strange, that they deserve to be recorded and read, as will be seen farther on.
Dejected beyond measure did Don Quixote pursue his journey, turning over in his mind the cruel trick the enchanters had played him in changing his lady Dulcinea into the vile shape of the village lass, nor could he think of any way of restoring her to her original form and these reflections so absorbed him, that without being aware of it he let go Rocinante's bridle, and he, perceiving the liberty that was granted him, stopped at every step to crop the fresh grass with which the plain abounded.
Sancho recalled him from his reverie. 'Melancholy, seor, said he, 'was made, not for beasts, but for men but if men give way to it overmuch they turn to beasts control yourself, your worship be yourself again gather up Rocinante's reins cheer up, rouse yourself and show that gallant spirit that knightserrant ought to have.
What the devil is this? What weakness is this? Are we here or in France? The devil fly away with all the Dulcineas in the world for the wellbeing of a single knighterrant is of more consequence than all the enchantments and transformations on earth. 'Hush, Sancho, said Don Quixote in a weak and faint voice, 'hush and utter no blasphemies against that enchanted lady for I alone am to blame for her misfortune and hard fate her calamity has come of the hatred the wicked bear me.
'Thou mayest well say that, Sancho, replied Don Quixote, 'as thou sawest her in the full perfection of her beauty for the enchantment does not go so far as to pervert thy vision or hide her loveliness from thee against me alone and against my eyes is the strength of its venom directed.
'Very likely, said Sancho 'for her beauty bewildered me as much as her ugliness did your worship but let us leave it all to God, who alone knows what is to happen in this vale of tears, in this evil world of ours, where there is hardly a thing to be found without some mixture of wickedness, roguery, and rascality.
But one thing, seor, troubles me more than all the rest, and that is thinking what is to be done when your worship conquers some giant, or some other knight, and orders him to go and present himself before the beauty of the lady Dulcinea. Where is this poor giant, or this poor wretch of a vanquished knight, to find her?
'Perhaps, Sancho, returned Don Quixote, 'the enchantment does not go so far as to deprive conquered and presented giants and knights of the power of recognising Dulcinea we will try by experiment with one or two of the first I vanquish and send to her, whether they see her or not, by commanding them to return and give me an account of what happened to them in this respect.
'I declare, I think what your worship has proposed is excellent, said Sancho 'and that by this plan we shall find out what we want to know and if it be that it is only from your worship she is hidden, the misfortune will be more yours than hers but so long as the lady Dulcinea is well and happy, we on our part will make the best of it, and get on as well as we can, seeking our adventures, and leaving Time to take his own course for he is the best physician for these and greater ailments.
He who led the mules and acted as carter was a hideous demon the cart was open to the sky, without a tilt or cane roof, and the first figure that presented itself to Don Quixote's eyes was that of Death itself with a human face next to it was an angel with large painted wings, and at one side an emperor, with a crown, to all appearance of gold, on his head.
At the feet of Death was the god called Cupid, without his bandage, but with his bow, quiver, and arrows there was also a knight in full armour, except that he had no morion or helmet, but only a hat decked with plumes of divers colours and along with these there were others with a variety of costumes and faces.
To which the devil, stopping the cart, answered quietly, 'Seor, we are players of Angulo el Malo's company we have been acting the play of 'The Corts of Death' this morning, which is the octave of Corpus Christi, in a village behind that hill, and we have to act it this afternoon in that village which you can see from this and as it is so near, and to save the trouble of undressing and dressing again, we go in the costumes in which we perform.
That lad there appears as Death, that other as an angel, that woman, the manager's wife, plays the queen, this one the soldier, that the emperor, and I the devil and I am one of the principal characters of the play, for in this company I take the leading parts.
If you want to know anything more about us, ask me and I will answer with the utmost exactitude, for as I am a devil I am up to everything. 'By the faith of a knighterrant, replied Don Quixote, 'when I saw this cart I fancied some great adventure was presenting itself to me but I declare one must touch with the hand what appears to the eye, if illusions are to be avoided.
God speed you, good people keep your festival, and remember, if you demand of me ought wherein I can render you a service, I will do it gladly and willingly, for from a child I was fond of the play, and in my youth a keen lover of the actor's art.
Sancho, who thought his master was in danger of being thrown, jumped off Dapple, and ran in all haste to help him but by the time he reached him he was already on the ground, and beside him was Rocinante, who had come down with his master, the usual end and upshot of Rocinante's vivacity and high spirits.
But the moment Sancho quitted his beast to go and help Don Quixote, the dancing devil with the bladders jumped up on Dapple, and beating him with them, more by the fright and the noise than by the pain of the blows, made him fly across the fields towards the village where they were going to hold their festival.
In this trouble and perplexity he came to where Don Quixote lay in a far sorrier plight than he liked, and having helped him to mount Rocinante, he said to him, 'Seor, the devil has carried off my Dapple. 'What devil? asked Don Quixote. 'The one with the bladders, said Sancho.
'You need not take the trouble, seor, said Sancho 'keep cool, for as I now see, the devil has let Dapple go and he is coming back to his old quarters and so it turned out, for, having come down with Dapple, in imitation of Don Quixote and Rocinante, the devil made off on foot to the town, and the ass came back to his master.
'Don't think of it, your worship, returned Sancho 'take my advice and never meddle with actors, for they are a favoured class I myself have known an actor taken up for two murders, and yet come off scotfree remember that, as they are merry folk who give pleasure, everyone favours and protects them, and helps and makes much of them, above all when they are those of the royal companies and under patent, all or most of whom in dress and appearance look like princes.
'Still, for all that, said Don Quixote, 'the player devil must not go off boasting, even if the whole human race favours him. So saying, he made for the cart, which was now very near the town, shouting out as he went, 'Stay! halt! ye merry, jovial crew! I want to teach you how to treat asses and animals that serve the squires of knightserrant for steeds.
So loud were the shouts of Don Quixote, that those in the cart heard and understood them, and, guessing by the words what the speaker's intention was, Death in an instant jumped out of the cart, and the emperor, the devil carter and the angel after him, nor did the queen or the god Cupid stay behind and all armed themselves with stones and formed in line, prepared to receive Don Quixote on the points of their pebbles.
I cannot and must not draw sword, as I have many a time before told thee, against anyone who is not a dubbed knight it is for thee, Sancho, if thou wilt, to take vengeance for the wrong done to thy Dapple and I will help thee from here by shouts and salutary counsels.
'There is no occasion to take vengeance on anyone, seor, replied Sancho 'for it is not the part of good Christians to revenge wrongs and besides, I will arrange it with my ass to leave his grievance to my goodwill and pleasure, and that is to live in peace as long as heaven grants me life.
'Well, said Don Quixote, 'if that be thy determination, good Sancho, sensible Sancho, Christian Sancho, honest Sancho, let us leave these phantoms alone and turn to the pursuit of better and worthier adventures for, from what I see of this country, we cannot fail to find plenty of marvellous ones in it.
He at once wheeled about, Sancho ran to take possession of his Dapple, Death and his flying squadron returned to their cart and pursued their journey, and thus the dread adventure of the cart of Death ended happily, thanks to the advice Sancho gave his master who had, the following day, a fresh adventure, of no less thrilling interest than the last, with an enamoured knighterrant.
The night succeeding the day of the encounter with Death, Don Quixote and his squire passed under some tall shady trees, and Don Quixote at Sancho's persuasion ate a little from the store carried by Dapple, and over their supper Sancho said to his master, 'Seor, what a fool I should have looked if I had chosen for my reward the spoils of the first adventure your worship achieved, instead of the foals of the three mares.
After all, 'a sparrow in the hand is better than a vulture on the wing.' 'At the same time, Sancho, replied Don Quixote, 'if thou hadst let me attack them as I wanted, at the very least the emperor's gold crown and Cupid's painted wings would have fallen to thee as spoils, for I should have taken them by force and given them into thy hands.
Come, tell me, hast thou not seen a play acted in which kings, emperors, pontiffs, knights, ladies, and divers other personages were introduced? One plays the villain, another the knave, this one the merchant, that the soldier, one the sharpwitted fool, another the foolish lover and when the play is over, and they have put off the dresses they wore in it, all the actors become equal.
'Well then, said Don Quixote, 'the same thing happens in the comedy and life of this world, where some play emperors, others popes, and, in short, all the characters that can be brought into a play but when it is over, that is to say when life ends, death strips them all of the garments that distinguish one from the other, and all are equal in the grave.
said Sancho 'though not so new but that I have heard it many and many a time, as well as that other one of the game of chess how, so long as the game lasts, each piece has its own particular office, and when the game is finished they are all mixed, jumbled up and shaken together, and stowed away in the bag, which is much like ending life in the grave.
In conversation of this kind they passed a good part of the night, but Sancho felt a desire to let down the curtains of his eyes, as he used to say when he wanted to go to sleep and stripping Dapple he left him at liberty to graze his fill.
He did not remove Rocinante's saddle, as his master's express orders were, that so long as they were in the field or not sleeping under a roof Rocinante was not to be strippedthe ancient usage established and observed by knightserrant being to take off the bridle and hang it on the saddlebow, but to remove the saddle from the horsenever!
I may add that they say the author left it on record that he likened their friendship to that of Nisus and Euryalus, and Pylades and Orestes and if that be so, it may be perceived, to the admiration of mankind, how firm the friendship must have been between these two peaceful animals, shaming men, who preserve friendships with one another so badly.
and let no one fancy that the author was at all astray when he compared the friendship of these animals to that of men for men have received many lessons from beasts, and learned many important things, as, for example, the clyster from the stork, vomit and gratitude from the dog, watchfulness from the crane, foresight from the ant, modesty from the elephant, and loyalty from the horse.
As he said this he stretched himself upon the ground, and as he flung himself down, the armour in which he was clad rattled, whereby Don Quixote perceived that he must be a knighterrant and going over to Sancho, who was asleep, he shook him by the arm and with no small difficulty brought him back to his senses, and said in a low voice to him, 'Brother Sancho, we have got an adventure.
replied Don Quixote 'turn thine eyes and look, and thou wilt see stretched there a knighterrant, who, it strikes me, is not over and above happy, for I saw him fling himself off his horse and throw himself on the ground with a certain air of dejection, and his armour rattled as he fell.
'Well, said Sancho, 'how does your worship make out that to be an adventure? 'I do not mean to say, returned Don Quixote, 'that it is a complete adventure, but that it is the beginning of one, for it is in this way adventures begin. But listen, for it seems he is tuning a lute or guitar, and from the way he is spitting and clearing his chest he must be getting ready to sing something.
'Faith, you are right, said Sancho, 'and no doubt he is some enamoured knight. 'There is no knighterrant that is not, said Don Quixote 'but let us listen to him, for, if he sings, by that thread we shall extract the ball of his thoughts because out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh.
Sancho was about to reply to his master, but the Knight of the Grove's voice, which was neither very bad nor very good, stopped him, and listening attentively the pair heard him sing this SONNET Your pleasure, prithee, lady mine, unfold Declare the terms that I am to obey My will to yours submissively I mould, And from your law my feet shall never stray.
Would you I die, to silent grief a prey? Then count me even now as dead and cold Would you I tell my woes in some new way? Then shall my tale by Love itself be told. The unison of opposites to prove, Of the soft wax and diamond hard am I But still, obedient to the laws of love, Here, hard or soft, I offer you my breast, Whate'er you grave or stamp thereon shall rest Indelible for all eternity.
With an 'Ah me! that seemed to be drawn from the inmost recesses of his heart, the Knight of the Grove brought his lay to an end, and shortly afterwards exclaimed in a melancholy and piteous voice, 'O fairest and most ungrateful woman on earth! What! can it be, most serene Casildea de Vandalia, that thou wilt suffer this thy captive knight to waste away and perish in ceaseless wanderings and rude and arduous toils?
It is not enough that I have compelled all the knights of Navarre, all the Leonese, all the Tartesians, all the Castilians, and finally all the knights of La Mancha, to confess thee the most beautiful in the world? 'Not so, said Don Quixote at this, 'for I am of La Mancha, and I have never confessed anything of the sort, nor could I nor should I confess a thing so much to the prejudice of my lady's beauty thou seest how this knight is raving, Sancho.
But let us listen, perhaps he will tell us more about himself. 'That he will, returned Sancho, 'for he seems in a mood to bewail himself for a month at a stretch. But this was not the case, for the Knight of the Grove, hearing voices near him, instead of continuing his lamentation, stood up and exclaimed in a distinct but courteous tone, 'Who goes there?
What are you? Do you belong to the number of the happy or of the miserable? 'Of the miserable, answered Don Quixote. 'Then come to me, said he of the Grove, 'and rest assured that it is to woe itself and affliction itself you come. Don Quixote, finding himself answered in such a soft and courteous manner, went over to him, and so did Sancho.
The doleful knight took Don Quixote by the arm, saying, 'Sit down here, sir knight for, that you are one, and of those that profess knighterrantry, it is to me a sufficient proof to have found you in this place, where solitude and night, the natural couch and proper retreat of knightserrant, keep you company.
To which Don made answer, 'A knight I am of the profession you mention, and though sorrows, misfortunes, and calamities have made my heart their abode, the compassion I feel for the misfortunes of others has not been thereby banished from it. From what you have just now sung I gather that yours spring from love, I mean from the love you bear that fair ingrate you named in your lament.
In the meantime, they had seated themselves together on the hard ground peaceably and sociably, just as if, as soon as day broke, they were not going to break one another's heads. 'Are you, sir knight, in love perchance? asked he of the Grove of Don Quixote. 'By mischance I am, replied Don Quixote 'though the ills arising from wellbestowed affections should be esteemed favours rather than misfortunes.
'That is true, returned he of the Grove, 'if scorn did not unsettle our reason and understanding, for if it be excessive it looks like revenge. 'I was never scorned by my lady, said Don Quixote. 'Certainly not, said Sancho, who stood close by, 'for my lady is as a lamb, and softer than a roll of butter.
'Is this your squire? asked he of the Grove. 'He is, said Don Quixote. 'I never yet saw a squire, said he of the Grove, 'who ventured to speak when his master was speaking at least, there is mine, who is as big as his father, and it cannot be proved that he has ever opened his lips when I am speaking.
The squire of the Grove took Sancho by the arm, saying to him, 'Let us two go where we can talk in squire style as much as we please, and leave these gentlemen our masters to fight it out over the story of their loves and, depend upon it, daybreak will find them at it without having made an end of it.
'So be it by all means, said Sancho 'and I will tell your worship who I am, that you may see whether I am to be reckoned among the number of the most talkative squires. With this the two squires withdrew to one side, and between them there passed a conversation as droll as that which passed between their masters was serious.
The knights and the squires made two parties, these telling the story of their lives, the others the story of their loves but the history relates first of all the conversation of the servants, and afterwards takes up that of the masters and it says that, withdrawing a little from the others, he of the Grove said to Sancho, 'A hard life it is we lead and live, seor, we that are squires to knightserrant verily, we eat our bread in the sweat of our faces, which is one of the curses God laid on our first parents.
'It may be said, too, added Sancho, 'that we eat it in the chill of our bodies for who gets more heat and cold than the miserable squires of knighterrantry? Even so it would not be so bad if we had something to eat, for woes are lighter if there's bread but sometimes we go a day or two without breaking our fast, except with the wind that blows.
'All that, said he of the Grove, 'may be endured and put up with when we have hopes of reward for, unless the knighterrant he serves is excessively unlucky, after a few turns the squire will at least find himself rewarded with a fine government of some island or some fair county.
'I, said Sancho, 'have already told my master that I shall be content with the government of some island, and he is so noble and generous that he has promised it to me ever so many times. 'I, said he of the Grove, 'shall be satisfied with a canonry for my services, and my master has already assigned me one.
'Your master, said Sancho, 'no doubt is a knight in the Church line, and can bestow rewards of that sort on his good squire but mine is only a layman though I remember some clever, but, to my mind, designing people, strove to persuade him to try and become an archbishop.
He, however, would not be anything but an emperor but I was trembling all the time lest he should take a fancy to go into the Church, not finding myself fit to hold office in it for I may tell you, though I seem a man, I am no better than a beast for the Church.
'Well, then, you are wrong there, said he of the Grove 'for those island governments are not all satisfactory some are awkward, some are poor, some are dull, and, in short, the highest and choicest brings with it a heavy burden of cares and troubles which the unhappy wight to whose lot it has fallen bears upon his shoulders.
Far better would it be for us who have adopted this accursed service to go back to our own houses, and there employ ourselves in pleasanter occupationsin hunting or fishing, for instance for what squire in the world is there so poor as not to have a hack and a couple of greyhounds and a fishingrod to amuse himself with in his own village?
'I am not in want of any of those things, said Sancho 'to be sure I have no hack, but I have an ass that is worth my master's horse twice over God send me a bad Easter, and that the next one I am to see, if I would swap, even if I got four bushels of barley to boot.
You will laugh at the value I put on my Dapplefor dapple is the colour of my beast. As to greyhounds, I can't want for them, for there are enough and to spare in my town and, moreover, there is more pleasure in sport when it is at other people's expense.
'In truth and earnest, sir squire, said he of the Grove, 'I have made up my mind and determined to have done with these drunken vagaries of these knights, and go back to my village, and bring up my children for I have three, like three Oriental pearls. 'I have two, said Sancho, 'that might be presented before the Pope himself, especially a girl whom I am breeding up for a countess, please God, though in spite of her mother.
'And how old is this lady that is being bred up for a countess? asked he of the Grove. 'Fifteen, a couple of years more or less, answered Sancho 'but she is as tall as a lance, and as fresh as an April morning, and as strong as a porter.
'Those are gifts to fit her to be not only a countess but a nymph of the greenwood, said he of the Grove 'whoreson strumpet! what pith the rogue must have! To which Sancho made answer, somewhat sulkily, 'She's no strumpet, nor was her mother, nor will either of them be, please God, while I live speak more civilly for one bred up among knightserrant, who are courtesy itself, your words don't seem to me to be very becoming.
'O how little you know about compliments, sir squire, returned he of the Grove. 'What! don't you know that when a horseman delivers a good lance thrust at the bull in the plaza, or when anyone does anything very well, the people are wont to say, 'Ha, whoreson rip! how well he has done it!' and that what seems to be abuse in the expression is high praise?
'There's why they say that 'covetousness bursts the bag,' said he of the Grove 'but if you come to talk of that sort, there is not a greater one in the world than my master, for he is one of those of whom they say, 'the cares of others kill the ass' for, in order that another knight may recover the senses he has lost, he makes a madman of himself and goes looking for what, when found, may, for all I know, fly in his own face.
'He is, said of the Grove, 'with one Casildea de Vandalia, the rawest and best roasted lady the whole world could produce but that rawness is not the only foot he limps on, for he has greater schemes rumbling in his bowels, as will be seen before many hours are over.
'There's no road so smooth but it has some hole or hindrance in it, said Sancho 'in other houses they cook beans, but in mine it's by the potful madness will have more followers and hangerson than sound sense but if there be any truth in the common saying, that to have companions in trouble gives some relief, I may take consolation from you, inasmuch as you serve a master as crazy as my own.
'Mine is not that, said Sancho 'I mean he has nothing of the rogue in him on the contrary, he has the soul of a pitcher he has no thought of doing harm to anyone, only good to all, nor has he any malice whatever in him a child might persuade him that it is night at noonday and for this simplicity I love him as the core of my heart, and I can't bring myself to leave him, let him do ever such foolish things.
'For all that, brother and seor, said he of the Grove, 'if the blind lead the blind, both are in danger of falling into the pit. It is better for us to beat a quiet retreat and get back to our own quarters for those who seek adventures don't always find good ones.
'There, you see, said he of the Grove, hearing Sancho's exclamation, 'how you have called this wine whoreson by way of praise. 'Well, said Sancho, 'I own it, and I grant it is no dishonour to call anyone whoreson when it is to be understood as praise. But tell me, seor, by what you love best, is this Ciudad Real wine?
What would you say, sir squire, to my having such a great natural instinct in judging wines that you have only to let me smell one and I can tell positively its country, its kind, its flavour and soundness, the changes it will undergo, and everything that appertains to a wine?
But it is no wonder, for I have had in my family, on my father's side, the two best winetasters that have been known in La Mancha for many a long year, and to prove it I'll tell you now a thing that happened them. They gave the two of them some wine out of a cask, to try, asking their opinion as to the condition, quality, goodness or badness of the wine.
One of them tried it with the tip of his tongue, the other did no more than bring it to his nose. The first said the wine had a flavour of iron, the second said it had a stronger flavour of cordovan. The owner said the cask was clean, and that nothing had been added to the wine from which it could have got a flavour of either iron or leather.
Time went by, the wine was sold, and when they came to clean out the cask, they found in it a small key hanging to a thong of cordovan see now if one who comes of the same stock has not a right to give his opinion in such like cases.
'Therefore, I say, said he of the Grove, 'let us give up going in quest of adventures, and as we have loaves let us not go looking for cakes, but return to our cribs, for God will find us there if it be his will. 'Until my master reaches Saragossa, said Sancho, 'I'll remain in his service after that we'll see.
The end of it was that the two squires talked so much and drank so much that sleep had to tie their tongues and moderate their thirst, for to quench it was impossible and so the pair of them fell asleep clinging to the now nearly empty bota and with halfchewed morsels in their mouths and there we will leave them for the present, to relate what passed between the Knight of the Grove and him of the Rueful Countenance.
Among the things that passed between Don Quixote and the Knight of the Wood, the history tells us he of the Grove said to Don Quixote, 'In fine, sir knight, I would have you know that my destiny, or, more properly speaking, my choice led me to fall in love with the peerless Casildea de Vandalia.
This same Casildea, then, that I speak of, requited my honourable passion and gentle aspirations by compelling me, as his stepmother did Hercules, to engage in many perils of various sorts, at the end of each promising me that, with the end of the next, the object of my hopes should be attained but my labours have gone on increasing link by link until they are past counting, nor do I know what will be the last one that is to be the beginning of the accomplishment of my chaste desires.
On one occasion she bade me go and challenge the famous giantess of Seville, La Giralda by name, who is as mighty and strong as if made of brass, and though never stirring from one spot, is the most restless and changeable woman in the world. I came, I saw, I conquered, and I made her stay quiet and behave herself, for nothing but north winds blew for more than a week.
Another time I was ordered to lift those ancient stones, the mighty bulls of Guisando, an enterprise that might more fitly be entrusted to porters than to knights. Again, she bade me fling myself into the cavern of Cabraan unparalleled and awful periland bring her a minute account of all that is concealed in those gloomy depths.
I would have you know that this Don Quixote you speak of is the greatest friend I have in the world so much so that I may say I regard him in the same light as my own person and from the precise and clear indications you have given I cannot but think that he must be the very one you have vanquished.
On the other hand, I see with my eyes and feel with my hands that it is impossible it can have been the same unless indeed it be that, as he has many enemies who are enchanters, and one in particular who is always persecuting him, someone of these may have taken his shape in order to allow himself to be vanquished, so as to defraud him of the fame that his exalted achievements as a knight have earned and acquired for him throughout the known world.
And in confirmation of this, I must tell you, too, that it is but ten hours since these said enchanters his enemies transformed the shape and person of the fair Dulcinea del Toboso into a foul and mean village lass, and in the same way they must have transformed Don Quixote and if all this does not suffice to convince you of the truth of what I say, here is Don Quixote himself, who will maintain it by arms, on foot or on horseback or in any way you please.
They roused them up, and bade them get the horses ready, as at sunrise they were to engage in a bloody and arduous single combat at which intelligence Sancho was aghast and thunderstruck, trembling for the safety of his master because of the mighty deeds he had heard the squire of the Grove ascribe to his but without a word the two squires went in quest of their cattle for by this time the three horses and the ass had smelt one another out, and were all together.
On the way, he of the Grove said to Sancho, 'You must know, brother, that it is the custom with the fighting men of Andalusia, when they are godfathers in any quarrel, not to stand idle with folded arms while their godsons fight I say so to remind you that while our masters are fighting, we, too, have to fight, and knock one another to shivers.
'I know a good remedy for that, said he of the Grove 'I have here two linen bags of the same size you shall take one, and I the other, and we will fight at bag blows with equal arms. 'If that's the way, so be it with all my heart, said Sancho, 'for that sort of battle will serve to knock the dust out of us instead of hurting us.
'That will not do, said the other, 'for we must put into the bags, to keep the wind from blowing them away, half a dozen nice smooth pebbles, all of the same weight and in this way we shall be able to baste one another without doing ourselves any harm or mischief.
But even if they are filled with toss silk, I can tell you, seor, I am not going to fight let our masters fight, that's their lookout, and let us drink and live for time will take care to ease us of our lives, without our going to look for fillips so that they may be finished off before their proper time comes and they drop from ripeness.
'By no means, said Sancho 'I am not going to be so discourteous or so ungrateful as to have any quarrel, be it ever so small, with one I have eaten and drunk with besides, who the devil could bring himself to fight in cold blood, without anger or provocation?
'I can remedy that entirely, said he of the Grove, 'and in this way before we begin the battle, I will come up to your worship fair and softly, and give you three or four buffets, with which I shall stretch you at my feet and rouse your anger, though it were sleeping sounder than a dormouse.
And now gayplumaged birds of all sorts began to warble in the trees, and with their varied and gladsome notes seemed to welcome and salute the fresh morn that was beginning to show the beauty of her countenance at the gates and balconies of the east, shaking from her locks a profusion of liquid pearls in which dulcet moisture bathed, the plants, too, seemed to shed and shower down a pearly spray, the willows distilled sweet manna, the fountains laughed, the brooks babbled, the woods rejoiced, and the meadows arrayed themselves in all their glory at her coming.
It is, in fact, stated, that it was of enormous size, hooked in the middle, covered with warts, and of a mulberry colour like an eggplant it hung down two fingers' length below his mouth, and the size, the colour, the warts, and the bend of it, made his face so hideous, that Sancho, as he looked at him, began to tremble hand and foot like a child in convulsions, and he vowed in his heart to let himself be given two hundred buffets, sooner than be provoked to fight that monster.
Over his armour he wore a surcoat or cassock of what seemed to be the finest cloth of gold, all bespangled with glittering mirrors like little moons, which gave him an extremely gallant and splendid appearance above his helmet fluttered a great quantity of plumes, green, yellow, and white, and his lance, which was leaning against a tree, was very long and stout, and had a steel point more than a palm in length.
'Whether you come victorious or vanquished out of this emprise, sir knight, replied he of the Mirrors, 'you will have more than enough time and leisure to see me and if now I do not comply with your request, it is because it seems to me I should do a serious wrong to the fair Casildea de Vandalia in wasting time while I stopped to raise my visor before compelling you to confess what you are already aware I maintain.
'Well then, said Don Quixote, 'while we are mounting you can at least tell me if I am that Don Quixote whom you said you vanquished. 'To that we answer you, said he of the Mirrors, 'that you are as like the very knight I vanquished as one egg is like another, but as you say enchanters persecute you, I will not venture to say positively whether you are the said person or not.
'That, said Don Quixote, 'is enough to convince me that you are under a deception however, entirely to relieve you of it, let our horses be brought, and in less time than it would take you to raise your visor, if God, my lady, and my arm stand me in good stead, I shall see your face, and you shall see that I am not the vanquished Don Quixote you take me to be.
With this, cutting short the colloquy, they mounted, and Don Quixote wheeled Rocinante round in order to take a proper distance to charge back upon his adversary, and he of the Mirrors did the same but Don Quixote had not moved away twenty paces when he heard himself called by the other, and, each returning halfway, he of the Mirrors said to him, 'Remember, sir knight, that the terms of our combat are, that the vanquished, as I said before, shall be at the victor's disposal.
'I am aware of it already, said Don Quixote 'provided what is commanded and imposed upon the vanquished be things that do not transgress the limits of chivalry. 'That is understood, replied he of the Mirrors. At this moment the extraordinary nose of the squire presented itself to Don Quixote's view, and he was no less amazed than Sancho at the sight insomuch that he set him down as a monster of some kind, or a human being of some new species or unearthly breed.
'It seems to me rather, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'that thou wouldst mount a scaffold in order to see the bulls without danger. 'To tell the truth, returned Sancho, 'the monstrous nose of that squire has filled me with fear and terror, and I dare not stay near him. 'It is, said Don Quixote, 'such a one that were I not what I am it would terrify me too so, come, I will help thee up where thou wilt.
Don Quixote, however, paid no attention to these difficulties, and in perfect safety to himself and without any risk encountered him of the Mirrors with such force that he brought him to the ground in spite of himself over the haunches of his horse, and with so heavy a fall that he lay to all appearance dead, not stirring hand or foot.
The instant Sancho saw him fall he slid down from the cork tree, and made all haste to where his master was, who, dismounting from Rocinante, went and stood over him of the Mirrors, and unlacing his helmet to see if he was dead, and to give him air if he should happen to be alive, he sawwho can say what he saw, without filling all who hear it with astonishment, wonder, and awe?
He saw, the history says, the very countenance, the very face, the very look, the very physiognomy, the very effigy, the very image of the bachelor Samson Carrasco! As soon as he saw it he called out in a loud voice, 'Make haste here, Sancho, and behold what thou art to see but not to believe quick, my son, and learn what magic can do, and wizards and enchanters are capable of.
All this time the prostrate knight showed no signs of life, and Sancho said to Don Quixote, 'It is my opinion, seor, that in any case your worship should take and thrust your sword into the mouth of this one here that looks like the bachelor Samson Carrasco perhaps in him you will kill one of your enemies, the enchanters.
'Thy advice is not bad, said Don Quixote, 'for of enemies the fewer the better and he was drawing his sword to carry into effect Sancho's counsel and suggestion, when the squire of the Mirrors came up, now without the nose which had made him so hideous, and cried out in a loud voice, 'Mind what you are about, Seor Don Quixote that is your friend, the bachelor Samson Carrasco, you have at your feet, and I am his squire.
said Sancho, seeing him without the hideous feature he had before to which he replied, 'I have it here in my pocket, and putting his hand into his right pocket, he pulled out a masquerade nose of varnished pasteboard of the make already described and Sancho, examining him more and more closely, exclaimed aloud in a voice of amazement, 'Holy Mary be good to me!
returned the now unnosed squire 'Tom Cecial I am, gossip and friend Sancho Panza and I'll tell you presently the means and tricks and falsehoods by which I have been brought here but in the meantime, beg and entreat of your master not to touch, maltreat, wound, or slay the Knight of the Mirrors whom he has at his feet because, beyond all dispute, it is the rash and illadvised bachelor Samson Carrasco, our fellow townsman.
'I confess, said the fallen knight, 'that the dirty tattered shoe of the lady Dulcinea del Toboso is better than the illcombed though clean beard of Casildea and I promise to go and to return from her presence to yours, and to give you a full and particular account of all you demand of me.
'You must also confess and believe, added Don Quixote, 'that the knight you vanquished was not and could not be Don Quixote of La Mancha, but someone else in his likeness, just as I confess and believe that you, though you seem to be the bachelor Samson Carrasco, are not so, but some other resembling him, whom my enemies have here put before me in his shape, in order that I may restrain and moderate the vehemence of my wrath, and make a gentle use of the glory of my victory.
Don Quixote helped him to rise, with the assistance of his squire Tom Cecial from whom Sancho never took his eyes, and to whom he put questions, the replies to which furnished clear proof that he was really and truly the Tom Cecial he said but the impression made on Sancho's mind by what his master said about the enchanters having changed the face of the Knight of the Mirrors into that of the bachelor Samson Carrasco, would not permit him to believe what he saw with his eyes.
In fine, both master and man remained under the delusion and, down in the mouth, and out of luck, he of the Mirrors and his squire parted from Don Quixote and Sancho, he meaning to go look for some village where he could plaster and strap his ribs. Don Quixote and Sancho resumed their journey to Saragossa, and on it the history leaves them in order that it may tell who the Knight of the Mirrors and his longnosed squire were.
Don Quixote went off satisfied, elated, and vainglorious in the highest degree at having won a victory over such a valiant knight as he fancied him of the Mirrors to be, and one from whose knightly word he expected to learn whether the enchantment of his lady still continued inasmuch as the said vanquished knight was bound, under the penalty of ceasing to be one, to return and render him an account of what took place between him and her.
Then, Don Quixote being vanquished, the bachelor knight was to command him to return to his village and his house, and not quit it for two years, or until he received further orders from him all which it was clear Don Quixote would unhesitatingly obey, rather than contravene or fail to observe the laws of chivalry and during the period of his seclusion he might perhaps forget his folly, or there might be an opportunity of discovering some ready remedy for his madness.
Tom Cecial, seeing how ill they had succeeded, and what a sorry end their expedition had come to, said to the bachelor, 'Sure enough, Seor Samson Carrasco, we are served right it is easy enough to plan and set about an enterprise, but it is often a difficult matter to come well out of it.
Don Quixote a madman, and we sane he goes off laughing, safe, and sound, and you are left sore and sorry! I'd like to know now which is the madder, he who is so because he cannot help it, or he who is so of his own choice? To which Samson replied, 'The difference between the two sorts of madmen is, that he who is so will he nil he, will be one always, while he who is so of his own accord can leave off being one whenever he likes.
'That's your affair, returned Samson, 'but to suppose that I am going home until I have given Don Quixote a thrashing is absurd and it is not any wish that he may recover his senses that will make me hunt him out now, but a wish for the sore pain I am in with my ribs won't let me entertain more charitable thoughts.
Thus discoursing, the pair proceeded until they reached a town where it was their good luck to find a bonesetter, with whose help the unfortunate Samson was cured. Tom Cecial left him and went home, while he stayed behind meditating vengeance and the history will return to him again at the proper time, so as not to omit making merry with Don Quixote now.
He was going along entirely absorbed in these fancies, when Sancho said to him, 'Isn't it odd, seor, that I have still before my eyes that monstrous enormous nose of my gossip, Tom Cecial? 'And dost thou, then, believe, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'that the Knight of the Mirrors was the bachelor Carrasco, and his squire Tom Cecial thy gossip?
'I don't know what to say to that, replied Sancho 'all I know is that the tokens he gave me about my own house, wife and children, nobody else but himself could have given me and the face, once the nose was off, was the very face of Tom Cecial, as I have seen it many a time in my town and next door to my own house and the sound of the voice was just the same.
'Let us reason the matter, Sancho, said Don Quixote. 'Come now, by what process of thinking can it be supposed that the bachelor Samson Carrasco would come as a knighterrant, in arms offensive and defensive, to fight with me? Have I ever been by any chance his enemy? Have I ever given him any occasion to owe me a grudge?
Am I his rival, or does he profess arms, that he should envy the fame I have acquired in them? 'Well, but what are we to say, seor, returned Sancho, 'about that knight, whoever he is, being so like the bachelor Carrasco, and his squire so like my gossip, Tom Cecial?
'It is all, said Don Quixote, 'a scheme and plot of the malignant magicians that persecute me, who, foreseeing that I was to be victorious in the conflict, arranged that the vanquished knight should display the countenance of my friend the bachelor, in order that the friendship I bear him should interpose to stay the edge of my sword and might of my arm, and temper the just wrath of my heart so that he who sought to take my life by fraud and falsehood should save his own.
'God knows what's the truth of it all, said Sancho and knowing as he did that the transformation of Dulcinea had been a device and imposition of his own, his master's illusions were not satisfactory to him but he did not like to reply lest he should say something that might disclose his trickery.
As they were engaged in this conversation they were overtaken by a man who was following the same road behind them, mounted on a very handsome fleabitten mare, and dressed in a gaban of fine green cloth, with tawny velvet facings, and a montera of the same velvet. The trappings of the mare were of the field and jineta fashion, and of mulberry colour and green.
He carried a Moorish cutlass hanging from a broad green and gold baldric the buskins were of the same make as the baldric the spurs were not gilt, but lacquered green, and so brightly polished that, matching as they did the rest of his apparel, they looked better than if they had been of pure gold.
When the traveller came up with them he saluted them courteously, and spurring his mare was passing them without stopping, but Don Quixote called out to him, 'Gallant sir, if so be your worship is going our road, and has no occasion for speed, it would be a pleasure to me if we were to join company.
'You may safely hold in your mare, seor, said Sancho in reply to this, 'for our horse is the most virtuous and wellbehaved horse in the world he never does anything wrong on such occasions, and the only time he misbehaved, my master and I suffered for it sevenfold I say again your worship may pull up if you like for if she was offered to him between two plates the horse would not hanker after her.
The traveller drew rein, amazed at the trim and features of Don Quixote, who rode without his helmet, which Sancho carried like a valise in front of Dapple's packsaddle and if the man in green examined Don Quixote closely, still more closely did Don Quixote examine the man in green, who struck him as being a man of intelligence.
What he in green thought of Don Quixote of La Mancha was that a man of that sort and shape he had never yet seen he marvelled at the length of his hair, his lofty stature, the lankness and sallowness of his countenance, his armour, his bearing and his gravitya figure and picture such as had not been seen in those regions for many a long day.
Don Quixote saw very plainly the attention with which the traveller was regarding him, and read his curiosity in his astonishment and courteous as he was and ready to please everybody, before the other could ask him any question he anticipated him by saying, 'The appearance I present to your worship being so strange and so out of the common, I should not be surprised if it filled you with wonder but you will cease to wonder when I tell you, as I do, that I am one of those knights who, as people say, go seeking adventures.
My desire was to bring to life again knighterrantry, now dead, and for some time past, stumbling here, falling there, now coming down headlong, now raising myself up again, I have carried out a great portion of my design, succouring widows, protecting maidens, and giving aid to wives, orphans, and minors, the proper and natural duty of knightserrant and, therefore, because of my many valiant and Christian achievements, I have been already found worthy to make my way in print to wellnigh all, or most, of the nations of the earth.
In short, to sum up all in a few words, or in a single one, I may tell you I am Don Quixote of La Mancha, otherwise called 'The Knight of the Rueful Countenance' for though selfpraise is degrading, I must perforce sound my own sometimes, that is to say, when there is no one at hand to do it for me.
With these words Don Quixote held his peace, and, from the time he took to answer, the man in green seemed to be at a loss for a reply after a long pause, however, he said to him, 'You were right when you saw curiosity in my amazement, sir knight but you have not succeeded in removing the astonishment I feel at seeing you for although you say, seor, that knowing who you are ought to remove it, it has not done so on the contrary, now that I know, I am left more amazed and astonished than before.
What! is it possible that there are knightserrant in the world in these days, and histories of real chivalry printed? I cannot realise the fact that there can be anyone on earth nowadays who aids widows, or protects maidens, or defends wives, or succours orphans nor should I believe it had I not seen it in your worship with my own eyes.
for by means of this history of your noble and genuine chivalrous deeds, which you say has been printed, the countless stories of fictitious knightserrant with which the world is filled, so much to the injury of morality and the prejudice and discredit of good histories, will have been driven into oblivion.
'I doubt it, said Don Quixote, 'but never mind that just now if our journey lasts long enough, I trust in God I shall show your worship that you do wrong in going with the stream of those who regard it as a matter of certainty that they are not true.
From this last observation of Don Quixote's, the traveller began to have a suspicion that he was some crazy being, and was waiting for him to confirm it by something further but before they could turn to any new subject Don Quixote begged him to tell him who he was, since he himself had rendered account of his station and life.
Sometimes I dine with my neighbours and friends, and often invite them my entertainments are neat and well served without stint of anything. I have no taste for tattle, nor do I allow tattling in my presence I pry not into my neighbours' lives, nor have I lynxeyes for what others do.
I hear mass every day I share my substance with the poor, making no display of good works, lest I let hypocrisy and vainglory, those enemies that subtly take possession of the most watchful heart, find an entrance into mine. I strive to make peace between those whom I know to be at variance I am the devoted servant of Our Lady, and my trust is ever in the infinite mercy of God our Lord.
Sancho listened with the greatest attention to the account of the gentleman's life and occupation and thinking it a good and a holy life, and that he who led it ought to work miracles, he threw himself off Dapple, and running in haste seized his right stirrup and kissed his foot again and again with a devout heart and almost with tears.
Seeing this the gentleman asked him, 'What are you about, brother? What are these kisses for? 'Let me kiss, said Sancho, 'for I think your worship is the first saint in the saddle I ever saw all the days of my life. 'I am no saint, replied the gentleman, 'but a great sinner but you are, brother, for you must be a good fellow, as your simplicity shows.
Don Quixote then asked him how many children he had, and observed that one of the things wherein the ancient philosophers, who were without the true knowledge of God, placed the summum bonum was in the gifts of nature, in those of fortune, in having many friends, and many and good children.
He is eighteen years of age he has been for six at Salamanca studying Latin and Greek, and when I wished him to turn to the study of other sciences I found him so wrapped up in that of poetry (if that can be called a science) that there is no getting him to take kindly to the law, which I wished him to study, or to theology, the queen of them all.
Poetry, gentle sir, is, as I take it, like a tender young maiden of supreme beauty, to array, bedeck, and adorn whom is the task of several other maidens, who are all the rest of the sciences and she must avail herself of the help of all, and all derive their lustre from her.
But this maiden will not bear to be handled, nor dragged through the streets, nor exposed either at the corners of the marketplaces, or in the closets of palaces. She is the product of an Alchemy of such virtue that he who is able to practise it, will turn her into pure gold of inestimable worth.
He that possesses her must keep her within bounds, not permitting her to break out in ribald satires or soulless sonnets. She must on no account be offered for sale, unless, indeed, it be in heroic poems, moving tragedies, or sprightly and ingenious comedies. She must not be touched by the buffoons, nor by the ignorant vulgar, incapable of comprehending or appreciating her hidden treasures.
And do not suppose, seor, that I apply the term vulgar here merely to plebeians and the lower orders for everyone who is ignorant, be he lord or prince, may and should be included among the vulgar. He, then, who shall embrace and cultivate poetry under the conditions I have named, shall become famous, and his name honoured throughout all the civilised nations of the earth.
At the same time, I say that the poet by nature who calls in art to his aid will be a far better poet, and will surpass him who tries to be one relying upon his knowledge of art alone. The reason is, that art does not surpass nature, but only brings it to perfection and thus, nature combined with art, and art with nature, will produce a perfect poet.
To bring my argument to a close, I would say then, gentle sir, let your son go on as his star leads him, for being so studious as he seems to be, and having already successfully surmounted the first step of the sciences, which is that of the languages, with their help he will by his own exertions reach the summit of polite literature, which so well becomes an independent gentleman, and adorns, honours, and distinguishes him, as much as the mitre does the bishop, or the gown the learned counsellor.
If your son write satires reflecting on the honour of others, chide and correct him, and tear them up but if he compose discourses in which he rebukes vice in general, in the style of Horace, and with elegance like his, commend him for it is legitimate for a poet to write against envy and lash the envious in his verse, and the other vices too, provided he does not single out individuals there are, however, poets who, for the sake of saying something spiteful, would run the risk of being banished to the coast of Pontus.
And when kings and princes observe this marvellous science of poetry in wise, virtuous, and thoughtful subjects, they honour, value, exalt them, and even crown them with the leaves of that tree which the thunderbolt strikes not, as if to show that they whose brows are honoured and adorned with such a crown are not to be assailed by anyone.
But in the middle of the discourse, it being not very much to his taste, Sancho had turned aside out of the road to beg a little milk from some shepherds, who were milking their ewes hard by and just as the gentleman, highly pleased, was about to renew the conversation, Don Quixote, raising his head, perceived a cart covered with royal flags coming along the road they were travelling and persuaded that this must be some new adventure, he called aloud to Sancho to come and bring him his helmet.
The history tells that when Don Quixote called out to Sancho to bring him his helmet, Sancho was buying some curds the shepherds agreed to sell him, and flurried by the great haste his master was in did not know what to do with them or what to carry them in so, not to lose them, for he had already paid for them, he thought it best to throw them into his master's helmet, and acting on this bright idea he went to see what his master wanted with him.
He, as he approached, exclaimed to him 'Give me that helmet, my friend, for either I know little of adventures, or what I observe yonder is one that will, and does, call upon me to arm myself. He of the green gaban, on hearing this, looked in all directions, but could perceive nothing, except a cart coming towards them with two or three small flags, which led him to conclude it must be carrying treasure of the King's, and he said so to Don Quixote.
Don Quixote took it, and without perceiving what was in it thrust it down in hot haste upon his head but as the curds were pressed and squeezed the whey began to run all over his face and beard, whereat he was so startled that he cried out to Sancho 'Sancho, what's this?
I think my head is softening, or my brains are melting, or I am sweating from head to foot! If I am sweating it is not indeed from fear. I am convinced beyond a doubt that the adventure which is about to befall me is a terrible one. Give me something to wipe myself with, if thou hast it, for this profuse sweat is blinding me.
Don Quixote then wiped himself, and took off his helmet to see what it was that made his head feel so cool, and seeing all that white mash inside his helmet he put it to his nose, and as soon as he had smelt it he exclaimed 'By the life of my lady Dulcinea del Toboso, but it is curds thou hast put here, thou treacherous, impudent, illmannered squire!
To which, with great composure and pretended innocence, Sancho replied, 'If they are curds let me have them, your worship, and I'll eat them but let the devil eat them, for it must have been he who put them there. I dare to dirty your helmet! You have guessed the offender finely!
Faith, sir, by the light God gives me, it seems I must have enchanters too, that persecute me as a creature and limb of your worship, and they must have put that nastiness there in order to provoke your patience to anger, and make you baste my ribs as you are wont to do.
Well, this time, indeed, they have missed their aim, for I trust to my master's good sense to see that I have got no curds or milk, or anything of the sort and that if I had it is in my stomach I would put it and not in the helmet.
All this the gentleman was observing, and with astonishment, more especially when, after having wiped himself clean, his head, face, beard, and helmet, Don Quixote put it on, and settling himself firmly in his stirrups, easing his sword in the scabbard, and grasping his lance, he cried, 'Now, come who will, here am I, ready to try conclusions with Satan himself in person!
By this time the cart with the flags had come up, unattended by anyone except the carter on a mule, and a man sitting in front. Don Quixote planted himself before it and said, 'Whither are you going, brothers? What cart is this? What have you got in it? What flags are those?
To this the carter replied, 'The cart is mine what is in it is a pair of wild caged lions, which the governor of Oran is sending to court as a present to his Majesty and the flags are our lord the King's, to show that what is here is his property.
They are male and female the male is in that first cage and the female in the one behind, and they are hungry now, for they have eaten nothing today, so let your worship stand aside, for we must make haste to the place where we are to feed them.
Get down, my good fellow, and as you are the keeper open the cages, and turn me out those beasts, and in the midst of this plain I will let them know who Don Quixote of La Mancha is, in spite and in the teeth of the enchanters who send them to me.
'So, so, said the gentleman to himself at this 'our worthy knight has shown of what sort he is the curds, no doubt, have softened his skull and brought his brains to a head. At this instant Sancho came up to him, saying, 'Seor, for God's sake do something to keep my master, Don Quixote, from tackling these lions for if he does they'll tear us all to pieces here.
'I will prevent it, said the gentleman and going over to Don Quixote, who was insisting upon the keeper's opening the cages, he said to him, 'Sir knight, knightserrant should attempt adventures which encourage the hope of a successful issue, not those which entirely withhold it for valour that trenches upon temerity savours rather of madness than of courage moreover, these lions do not come to oppose you, nor do they dream of such a thing they are going as presents to his Majesty, and it will not be right to stop them or delay their journey.
'Gentle sir, replied Don Quixote, 'you go and mind your tame partridge and your bold ferret, and leave everyone to manage his own business this is mine, and I know whether these gentlemen the lions come to me or not and then turning to the keeper he exclaimed, 'By all that's good, sir scoundrel, if you don't open the cages this very instant, I'll pin you to the cart with this lance.
The carter, seeing the determination of this apparition in armour, said to him, 'Please your worship, for charity's sake, seor, let me unyoke the mules and place myself in safety along with them before the lions are turned out for if they kill them on me I am ruined for life, for all I possess is this cart and mules.
The carter got down and with all speed unyoked the mules, and the keeper called out at the top of his voice, 'I call all here to witness that against my will and under compulsion I open the cages and let the lions loose, and that I warn this gentleman that he will be accountable for all the harm and mischief which these beasts may do, and for my salary and dues as well.
You, gentlemen, place yourselves in safety before I open, for I know they will do me no harm. Once more the gentleman strove to persuade Don Quixote not to do such a mad thing, as it was tempting God to engage in such a piece of folly. To this, Don Quixote replied that he knew what he was about.
Hearing this, Sancho with tears in his eyes entreated him to give up an enterprise compared with which the one of the windmills, and the awful one of the fulling mills, and, in fact, all the feats he had attempted in the whole course of his life, were cakes and fancy bread.
'Look ye, seor, said Sancho, 'there's no enchantment here, nor anything of the sort, for between the bars and chinks of the cage I have seen the paw of a real lion, and judging by that I reckon the lion such a paw could belong to must be bigger than a mountain.
'Fear at any rate, replied Don Quixote, 'will make him look bigger to thee than half the world. Retire, Sancho, and leave me and if I die here thou knowest our old compact thou wilt repair to DulcineaI say no more. To these he added some further words that banished all hope of his giving up his insane project.
He of the green gaban would have offered resistance, but he found himself illmatched as to arms, and did not think it prudent to come to blows with a madman, for such Don Quixote now showed himself to be in every respect and the latter, renewing his commands to the keeper and repeating his threats, gave warning to the gentleman to spur his mare, Sancho his Dapple, and the carter his mules, all striving to get away from the cart as far as they could before the lions broke loose.
Sancho was weeping over his master's death, for this time he firmly believed it was in store for him from the claws of the lions and he cursed his fate and called it an unlucky hour when he thought of taking service with him again but with all his tears and lamentations he did not forget to thrash Dapple so as to put a good space between himself and the cart.
During the delay that occurred while the keeper was opening the first cage, Don Quixote was considering whether it would not be well to do battle on foot, instead of on horseback, and finally resolved to fight on foot, fearing that Rocinante might take fright at the sight of the lions he therefore sprang off his horse, flung his lance aside, braced his buckler on his arm, and drawing his sword, advanced slowly with marvellous intrepidity and resolute courage, to plant himself in front of the cart, commending himself with all his heart to God and to his lady Dulcinea.
It is to be observed, that on coming to this passage, the author of this veracious history breaks out into exclamations. 'O doughty Don Quixote! highmettled past extolling! Mirror, wherein all the heroes of the world may see themselves! Second modern Don Manuel de Leon, once the glory and honour of Spanish knighthood!
In what words shall I describe this dread exploit, by what language shall I make it credible to ages to come, what eulogies are there unmeet for thee, though they be hyperboles piled on hyperboles! On foot, alone, undaunted, highsouled, with but a simple sword, and that no trenchant blade of the Perrillo brand, a shield, but no bright polished steel one, there stoodst thou, biding and awaiting the two fiercest lions that Africa's forests ever bred!
Here the author's outburst came to an end, and he proceeded to take up the thread of his story, saying that the keeper, seeing that Don Quixote had taken up his position, and that it was impossible for him to avoid letting out the male without incurring the enmity of the fiery and daring knight, flung open the doors of the first cage, containing, as has been said, the lion, which was now seen to be of enormous size, and grim and hideous mien.
The first thing he did was to turn round in the cage in which he lay, and protrude his claws, and stretch himself thoroughly he next opened his mouth, and yawned very leisurely, and with near two palms' length of tongue that he had thrust forth, he licked the dust out of his eyes and washed his face having done this, he put his head out of the cage and looked all round with eyes like glowing coals, a spectacle and demeanour to strike terror into temerity itself.
So far did his unparalleled madness go but the noble lion, more courteous than arrogant, not troubling himself about silly bravado, after having looked all round, as has been said, turned about and presented his hindquarters to Don Quixote, and very coolly and tranquilly lay down again in the cage.
Seeing this, Don Quixote ordered the keeper to take a stick to him and provoke him to make him come out. 'That I won't, said the keeper 'for if I anger him, the first he'll tear in pieces will be myself. Be satisfied, sir knight, with what you have done, which leaves nothing more to be said on the score of courage, and do not seek to tempt fortune a second time.
Your worship's great courage has been fully manifested already no brave champion, so it strikes me, is bound to do more than challenge his enemy and wait for him on the field if his adversary does not come, on him lies the disgrace, and he who waits for him carries off the crown of victory.
'That is true, said Don Quixote 'close the door, my friend, and let me have, in the best form thou canst, what thou hast seen me do, by way of certificate to wit, that thou didst open for the lion, that I waited for him, that he did not come out, that I still waited for him, and that still he did not come out, and lay down again.
The keeper obeyed, and Don Quixote, fixing on the point of his lance the cloth he had wiped his face with after the deluge of curds, proceeded to recall the others, who still continued to fly, looking back at every step, all in a body, the gentleman bringing up the rear.
Sancho, however, happening to observe the signal of the white cloth, exclaimed, 'May I die, if my master has not overcome the wild beasts, for he is calling to us. They all stopped, and perceived that it was Don Quixote who was making signals, and shaking off their fears to some extent, they approached slowly until they were near enough to hear distinctly Don Quixote's voice calling to them.
They returned at length to the cart, and as they came up, Don Quixote said to the carter, 'Put your mules to once more, brother, and continue your journey and do thou, Sancho, give him two gold crowns for himself and the keeper, to compensate for the delay they have incurred through me.
'What dost thou think of this, Sancho? said Don Quixote. 'Are there any enchantments that can prevail against true valour? The enchanters may be able to rob me of good fortune, but of fortitude and courage they cannot. Sancho paid the crowns, the carter put to, the keeper kissed Don Quixote's hands for the bounty bestowed upon him, and promised to give an account of the valiant exploit to the King himself, as soon as he saw him at court.
'Then, said Don Quixote, 'if his Majesty should happen to ask who performed it, you must say THE KNIGHT OF THE LIONS for it is my desire that into this the name I have hitherto borne of Knight of the Rueful Countenance be from this time forward changed, altered, transformed, and turned and in this I follow the ancient usage of knightserrant, who changed their names when they pleased, or when it suited their purpose.
All this time, Don Diego de Miranda had not spoken a word, being entirely taken up with observing and noting all that Don Quixote did and said, and the opinion he formed was that he was a man of brains gone mad, and a madman on the verge of rationality.
Don Quixote roused him from these reflections and this soliloquy by saying, 'No doubt, Seor Don Diego de Miranda, you set me down in your mind as a fool and a madman, and it would be no wonder if you did, for my deeds do not argue anything else. But for all that, I would have you take notice that I am neither so mad nor so foolish as I must have seemed to you.
'I take the invitation as a great favour and honour, Seor Don Diego, replied Don Quixote and pressing forward at a better pace than before, at about two in the afternoon they reached the village and house of Don Diego, or, as Don Quixote called him, 'The Knight of the Green Gaban.
Don Quixote found Don Diego de Miranda's house built in village style, with his arms in rough stone over the street door in the patio was the storeroom, and at the entrance the cellar, with plenty of winejars standing round, which, coming from El Toboso, brought back to his memory his enchanted and transformed Dulcinea and with a sigh, and not thinking of what he was saying, or in whose presence he was, he exclaimed 'O ye sweet treasures, to my sorrow found!
The student poet, Don Diego's son, who had come out with his mother to receive him, heard this exclamation, and both mother and son were filled with amazement at the extraordinary figure he presented he, however, dismounting from Rocinante, advanced with great politeness to ask permission to kiss the lady's hand, while Don Diego said, 'Seora, pray receive with your wonted kindness Seor Don Quixote of La Mancha, whom you see before you, a knighterrant, and the bravest and wisest in the world.
The lady, whose name was Doa Christina, received him with every sign of goodwill and great courtesy, and Don Quixote placed himself at her service with an abundance of wellchosen and polished phrases. Almost the same civilities were exchanged between him and the student, who listening to Don Quixote, took him to be a sensible, clearheaded person.
Here the author describes minutely everything belonging to Don Diego's mansion, putting before us in his picture the whole contents of a rich gentlemanfarmer's house but the translator of the history thought it best to pass over these and other details of the same sort in silence, as they are not in harmony with the main purpose of the story, the strong point of which is truth rather than dull digressions.
They led Don Quixote into a room, and Sancho removed his armour, leaving him in loose Walloon breeches and chamoisleather doublet, all stained with the rust of his armour his collar was a falling one of scholastic cut, without starch or lace, his buskins buffcoloured, and his shoes polished. He wore his good sword, which hung in a baldric of seawolf's skin, for he had suffered for many years, they say, from an ailment of the kidneys and over all he threw a long cloak of good grey cloth.
But first of all, with five or six buckets of water (for as regard the number of buckets there is some dispute), he washed his head and face, and still the water remained wheycoloured, thanks to Sancho's greediness and purchase of those unlucky curds that turned his master so white.
Thus arrayed, and with an easy, sprightly, and gallant air, Don Quixote passed out into another room, where the student was waiting to entertain him while the table was being laid for on the arrival of so distinguished a guest, Doa Christina was anxious to show that she knew how and was able to give a becoming reception to those who came to her house.
While Don Quixote was taking off his armour, Don Lorenzo (for so Don Diego's son was called) took the opportunity to say to his father, 'What are we to make of this gentleman you have brought home to us, sir? For his name, his appearance, and your describing him as a knighterrant have completely puzzled my mother and me.
Don Diego 'all I can tell thee is that I have seen him act the acts of the greatest madman in the world, and heard him make observations so sensible that they efface and undo all he does do thou talk to him and feel the pulse of his wits, and as thou art shrewd, form the most reasonable conclusion thou canst as to his wisdom or folly though, to tell the truth, I am more inclined to take him to be mad than sane.
With this Don Lorenzo went away to entertain Don Quixote as has been said, and in the course of the conversation that passed between them Don Quixote said to Don Lorenzo, 'Your father, Seor Don Diego de Miranda, has told me of the rare abilities and subtle intellect you possess, and, above all, that you are a great poet.
'A poet, it may be, replied Don Lorenzo, 'but a great one, by no means. It is true that I am somewhat given to poetry and to reading good poets, but not so much so as to justify the title of 'great' which my father gives me. 'I do not dislike that modesty, said Don Quixote 'for there is no poet who is not conceited and does not think he is the best poet in the world.
'There is no rule without an exception, said Don Lorenzo 'there may be some who are poets and yet do not think they are. 'Very few, said Don Quixote 'but tell me, what verses are those which you have now in hand, and which your father tells me keep you somewhat restless and absorbed?
If it be some gloss, I know something about glosses, and I should like to hear them and if they are for a poetical tournament, contrive to carry off the second prize for the first always goes by favour or personal standing, the second by simple justice and so the third comes to be the second, and the first, reckoning in this way, will be third, in the same way as licentiate degrees are conferred at the universities but, for all that, the title of first is a great distinction.
'So far, said Don Lorenzo to himself, 'I should not take you to be a madman but let us go on. So he said to him, 'Your worship has apparently attended the schools what sciences have you studied? 'That of knighterrantry, said Don Quixote, 'which is as good as that of poetry, and even a finger or two above it.
'It is a science, said Don Quixote, 'that comprehends in itself all or most of the sciences in the world, for he who professes it must be a jurist, and must know the rules of justice, distributive and equitable, so as to give to each one what belongs to him and is due to him.
He must be a theologian, so as to be able to give a clear and distinctive reason for the Christian faith he professes, wherever it may be asked of him. He must be a physician, and above all a herbalist, so as in wastes and solitudes to know the herbs that have the property of healing wounds, for a knighterrant must not go looking for someone to cure him at every step.
Of all these qualities, great and small, is a true knighterrant made up judge then, Seor Don Lorenzo, whether it be a contemptible science which the knight who studies and professes it has to learn, and whether it may not compare with the very loftiest that are taught in the schools.
'Many a time, replied Don Quixote, 'have I said what I now say once more, that the majority of the world are of opinion that there never were any knightserrant in it and as it is my opinion that, unless heaven by some miracle brings home to them the truth that there were and are, all the pains one takes will be in vain (as experience has often proved to me), I will not now stop to disabuse you of the error you share with the multitude.
All I shall do is to pray to heaven to deliver you from it, and show you how beneficial and necessary knightserrant were in days of yore, and how useful they would be in these days were they but in vogue but now, for the sins of the people, sloth and indolence, gluttony and luxury are triumphant.
'Our guest has broken out on our hands, said Don Lorenzo to himself at this point 'but, for all that, he is a glorious madman, and I should be a dull blockhead to doubt it. Here, being summoned to dinner, they brought their colloquy to a close. Don Diego asked his son what he had been able to make out as to the wits of their guest.
They went in to dinner, and the repast was such as Don Diego said on the road he was in the habit of giving to his guests, neat, plentiful, and tasty but what pleased Don Quixote most was the marvellous silence that reigned throughout the house, for it was like a Carthusian monastery.
When the cloth had been removed, grace said and their hands washed, Don Quixote earnestly pressed Don Lorenzo to repeat to him his verses for the poetical tournament, to which he replied, 'Not to be like those poets who, when they are asked to recite their verses, refuse, and when they are not asked for them vomit them up, I will repeat my gloss, for which I do not expect any prize, having composed it merely as an exercise of ingenuity.
'I will explain myself another time, said Don Lorenzo 'for the present pray attend to the glossed verses and the gloss, which run thus Could 'was' become an 'is' for me, Then would I ask no more than this Or could, for me, the time that is Become the time that is to be!
GLOSS Dame Fortune once upon a day To me was bountiful and kind But all things change she changed her mind, And what she gave she took away. O Fortune, long I've sued to thee The gifts thou gavest me restore, For, trust me, I would ask no more, Could 'was' become an 'is' for me.
No other prize I seek to gain, No triumph, glory, or success, Only the longlost happiness, The memory whereof is pain. One taste, methinks, of bygone bliss The heartconsuming fire might stay And, so it come without delay, Then would I ask no more than this. I ask what cannot be, alas!
That time should ever be, and then Come back to us, and be again, No power on earth can bring to pass For fleet of foot is he, I wis, And idly, therefore, do we pray That what for aye hath left us may Become for us the time that is.
Perplexed, uncertain, to remain 'Twixt hope and fear, is death, not life 'Twere better, sure, to end the strife, And dying, seek release from pain. And yet, thought were the best for me. Anon the thought aside I fling, And to the present fondly cling, And dread the time that is to be.
When Don Lorenzo had finished reciting his gloss, Don Quixote stood up, and in a loud voice, almost a shout, exclaimed as he grasped Don Lorenzo's right hand in his, 'By the highest heavens, noble youth, but you are the best poet on earth, and deserve to be crowned with laurel, not by Cyprus or by Gaetaas a certain poet, God forgive him, saidbut by the Academies of Athens, if they still flourished, and by those that flourish now, Paris, Bologna, Salamanca.
Heaven grant that the judges who rob you of the first prizethat Phbus may pierce them with his arrows, and the Muses never cross the thresholds of their doors. Repeat me some of your longmeasure verses, seor, if you will be so good, for I want thoroughly to feel the pulse of your rare genius.
Is there any need to say that Don Lorenzo enjoyed hearing himself praised by Don Quixote, albeit he looked upon him as a madman? power of flattery, how farreaching art thou, and how wide are the bounds of thy pleasant jurisdiction! Don Lorenzo gave a proof of it, for he complied with Don Quixote's request and entreaty, and repeated to him this sonnet on the fable or story of Pyramus and Thisbe.
SONNET The lovely maid, she pierces now the wall Heartpierced by her young Pyramus doth lie And Love spreads wing from Cyprus isle to fly, A chink to view so wondrous great and small. There silence speaketh, for no voice at all Can pass so strait a strait but love will ply Where to all other power 'twere vain to try For love will find a way whate'er befall.
Impatient of delay, with reckless pace The rash maid wins the fatal spot where she Sinks not in lover's arms but death's embrace. So runs the strange tale, how the lovers twain One sword, one sepulchre, one memory, Slays, and entombs, and brings to life again. 'Blessed be God, said Don Quixote when he had heard Don Lorenzo's sonnet, 'that among the hosts there are of irritable poets I have found one consummate one, which, seor, the art of this sonnet proves to me that you are!
The day of his departure came at length, as welcome to Don Quixote as it was sad and sorrowful to Sancho Panza, who was very well satisfied with the abundance of Don Diego's house, and objected to return to the starvation of the woods and wilds and the shortcommons of his illstocked alforjas these, however, he filled and packed with what he considered needful.
On taking leave, Don Quixote said to Don Lorenzo, 'I know not whether I have told you already, but if I have I tell you once more, that if you wish to spare yourself fatigue and toil in reaching the inaccessible summit of the temple of fame, you have nothing to do but to turn aside out of the somewhat narrow path of poetry and take the still narrower one of knighterrantry, wide enough, however, to make you an emperor in the twinkling of an eye.
Both father and son were amazed afresh at the strange medley Don Quixote talked, at one moment sense, at another nonsense, and at the pertinacity and persistence he displayed in going through thick and thin in quest of his unlucky adventures, which he made the end and aim of his desires.
There was a renewal of offers of service and civilities, and then, with the gracious permission of the lady of the castle, they took their departure, Don Quixote on Rocinante, and Sancho on Dapple. Don Quixote had gone but a short distance beyond Don Diego's village, when he fell in with a couple of either priests or students, and a couple of peasants, mounted on four beasts of the ass kind.
The peasants carried divers articles that showed they were on their way from some large town where they had bought them, and were taking them home to their village and both students and peasants were struck with the same amazement that everybody felt who saw Don Quixote for the first time, and were dying to know who this man, so different from ordinary men, could be.
Don Quixote saluted them, and after ascertaining that their road was the same as his, made them an offer of his company, and begged them to slacken their pace, as their young asses travelled faster than his horse and then, to gratify them, he told them in a few words who he was and the calling and profession he followed, which was that of a knighterrant seeking adventures in all parts of the world.
All this was Greek or gibberish to the peasants, but not so to the students, who very soon perceived the crack in Don Quixote's pate for all that, however, they regarded him with admiration and respect, and one of them said to him, 'If you, sir knight, have no fixed road, as it is the way with those who seek adventures not to have any, let your worship come with us you will see one of the finest and richest weddings that up to this day have ever been celebrated in La Mancha, or for many a league round.
Don Quixote asked him if it was some prince's, that he spoke of it in this way. 'Not at all, said the student 'it is the wedding of a farmer and a farmer's daughter, he the richest in all this country, and she the fairest mortal ever set eyes on.
She is eighteen, and he twentytwo, and they are fairly matched, though some knowing ones, who have all the pedigrees in the world by heart, will have it that the family of the fair Quiteria is better than Camacho's but no one minds that nowadays, for wealth can solder a great many flaws.
At any rate, Camacho is freehanded, and it is his fancy to screen the whole meadow with boughs and cover it in overhead, so that the sun will have hard work if he tries to get in to reach the grass that covers the soil. He has provided dancers too, not only sword but also belldancers, for in his own town there are those who ring the changes and jingle the bells to perfection of shoedancers I say nothing, for of them he has engaged a host.
This Basilio is a youth of the same village as Quiteria, and he lived in the house next door to that of her parents, of which circumstance Love took advantage to reproduce to the word the longforgotten loves of Pyramus and Thisbe for Basilio loved Quiteria from his earliest years, and she responded to his passion with countless modest proofs of affection, so that the loves of the two children, Basilio and Quiteria, were the talk and the amusement of the town.
'Say that to my wife, said Sancho, who had until now listened in silence, 'for she won't hear of anything but each one marrying his equal, holding with the proverb 'each ewe to her like.' What I would like is that this good Basilio (for I am beginning to take a fancy to him already) should marry this lady Quiteria and a blessing and good luckI meant to say the oppositeon people who would prevent those who love one another from marrying.
He who has to make a long journey, will, if he is wise, look out for some trusty and pleasant companion to accompany him before he sets out. Why, then, should not he do the same who has to make the whole journey of life down to the final haltingplace of death, more especially when the companion has to be his companion in bed, at board, and everywhere, as the wife is to her husband?
The companionship of one's wife is no article of merchandise, that, after it has been bought, may be returned, or bartered, or changed for it is an inseparable accident that lasts as long as life lasts it is a noose that, once you put it round your neck, turns into a Gordian knot, which, if the scythe of Death does not cut it, there is no untying.
To this the student, bachelor, or, as Don Quixote called him, licentiate, replied, 'I have nothing whatever to say further, but that from the moment Basilio learned that the fair Quiteria was to be married to Camacho the rich, he has never been seen to smile, or heard to utter rational word, and he always goes about moody and dejected, talking to himself in a way that shows plainly he is out of his senses.
He eats little and sleeps little, and all he eats is fruit, and when he sleeps, if he sleeps at all, it is in the field on the hard earth like a brute beast. Sometimes he gazes at the sky, at other times he fixes his eyes on the earth in such an abstracted way that he might be taken for a clothed statue, with its drapery stirred by the wind.
'God will guide it better, said Sancho, 'for God who gives the wound gives the salve nobody knows what will happen there are a good many hours between this and tomorrow, and any one of them, or any moment, the house may fall I have seen the rain coming down and the sun shining all at one time many a one goes to bed in good health who can't stir the next day.
No, faith and between a woman's 'yes' and 'no' I wouldn't venture to put the point of a pin, for there would not be room for it if you tell me Quiteria loves Basilio heart and soul, then I'll give him a bag of good luck for love, I have heard say, looks through spectacles that make copper seem gold, poverty wealth, and bleary eyes pearls.
'What art thou driving at, Sancho? curses on thee! said Don Quixote 'for when thou takest to stringing proverbs and sayings together, no one can understand thee but Judas himself, and I wish he had thee. Tell me, thou animal, what dost thou know about nails or wheels, or anything else?
'Oh, if you don't understand me, replied Sancho, 'it is no wonder my words are taken for nonsense but no matter I understand myself, and I know I have not said anything very foolish in what I have said only your worship, seor, is always gravelling at everything I say, nay, everything I do.
'Cavilling, not gravelling, said Don Quixote, 'thou prevaricator of honest language, God confound thee! 'Don't find fault with me, your worship, returned Sancho, 'for you know I have not been bred up at court or trained at Salamanca, to know whether I am adding or dropping a letter or so in my words.
Why! God bless me, it's not fair to force a Sayagoman to speak like a Toledan maybe there are Toledans who do not hit it off when it comes to polished talk. 'That is true, said the licentiate, 'for those who have been bred up in the Tanneries and the Zocodover cannot talk like those who are almost all day pacing the cathedral cloisters, and yet they are all Toledans.
Pure, correct, elegant and lucid language will be met with in men of courtly breeding and discrimination, though they may have been born in Majalahonda I say of discrimination, because there are many who are not so, and discrimination is the grammar of good language, if it be accompanied by practice.
I, sirs, for my sins have studied canon law at Salamanca, and I rather pique myself on expressing my meaning in clear, plain, and intelligible language. 'If you did not pique yourself more on your dexterity with those foils you carry than on dexterity of tongue, said the other student, 'you would have been head of the degrees, where you are now tail.
'It is no idea on my part, but an established truth, replied Corchuelo 'and if you wish me to prove it to you by experiment, you have swords there, and it is a good opportunity I have a steady hand and a strong arm, and these joined with my resolution, which is not small, will make you confess that I am not mistaken.
Dismount and put in practice your positions and circles and angles and science, for I hope to make you see stars at noonday with my rude raw swordsmanship, in which, next to God, I place my trust that the man is yet to be born who will make me turn my back, and that there is not one in the world I will not compel to give ground.
'As to whether you turn your back or not, I do not concern myself, replied the master of fence 'though it might be that your grave would be dug on the spot where you planted your foot the first time I mean that you would be stretched dead there for despising skill with the sword.
'It must not be that way, said Don Quixote at this point 'I will be the director of this fencing match, and judge of this often disputed question and dismounting from Rocinante and grasping his lance, he planted himself in the middle of the road, just as the licentiate, with an easy, graceful bearing and step, advanced towards Corchuelo, who came on against him, darting fire from his eyes, as the saying is.
He attacked like an angry lion, but he was met by a tap on the mouth from the button of the licentiate's sword that checked him in the midst of his furious onset, and made him kiss it as if it were a relic, though not as devoutly as relics are and ought to be kissed.
Corchuelo sat down wearied, and Sancho approaching him said, 'By my faith, seor bachelor, if your worship takes my advice, you will never challenge anyone to fence again, only to wrestle and throw the bar, for you have the youth and strength for that but as for these fencers as they call them, I have heard say they can put the point of a sword through the eye of a needle.
'I am satisfied with having tumbled off my donkey, said Corchuelo, 'and with having had the truth I was so ignorant of proved to me by experience and getting up he embraced the licentiate, and they were better friends than ever and not caring to wait for the notary who had gone for the sword, as they saw he would be a long time about it, they resolved to push on so as to reach the village of Quiteria, to which they all belonged, in good time.
During the remainder of the journey the licentiate held forth to them on the excellences of the sword, with such conclusive arguments, and such figures and mathematical proofs, that all were convinced of the value of the science, and Corchuelo cured of his dogmatism. It grew dark but before they reached the town it seemed to them all as if there was a heaven full of countless glittering stars in front of it.
They heard, too, the pleasant mingled notes of a variety of instruments, flutes, drums, psalteries, pipes, tabors, and timbrels, and as they drew near they perceived that the trees of a leafy arcade that had been constructed at the entrance of the town were filled with lights unaffected by the wind, for the breeze at the time was so gentle that it had not power to stir the leaves on the trees.
The musicians were the life of the wedding, wandering through the pleasant grounds in separate bands, some dancing, others singing, others playing the various instruments already mentioned. In short, it seemed as though mirth and gaiety were frisking and gambolling all over the meadow. Several other persons were engaged in erecting raised benches from which people might conveniently see the plays and dances that were to be performed the next day on the spot dedicated to the celebration of the marriage of Camacho the rich and the obsequies of Basilio.
Don Quixote would not enter the village, although the peasant as well as the bachelor pressed him he excused himself, however, on the grounds, amply sufficient in his opinion, that it was the custom of knightserrant to sleep in the fields and woods in preference to towns, even were it under gilded ceilings and so turned aside a little out of the road, very much against Sancho's will, as the good quarters he had enjoyed in the castle or house of Don Diego came back to his mind.
Scarce had the fair Aurora given bright Phbus time to dry the liquid pearls upon her golden locks with the heat of his fervent rays, when Don Quixote, shaking off sloth from his limbs, sprang to his feet and called to his squire Sancho, who was still snoring seeing which Don Quixote ere he roused him thus addressed him 'Happy thou, above all the dwellers on the face of the earth, that, without envying or being envied, sleepest with tranquil mind, and that neither enchanters persecute nor enchantments affright.
Sleep, I say, and will say a hundred times, without any jealous thoughts of thy mistress to make thee keep ceaseless vigils, or any cares as to how thou art to pay the debts thou owest, or find tomorrow's food for thyself and thy needy little family, to interfere with thy repose.
Ambition breaks not thy rest, nor doth this world's empty pomp disturb thee, for the utmost reach of thy anxiety is to provide for thy ass, since upon my shoulders thou hast laid the support of thyself, the counterpoise and burden that nature and custom have imposed upon masters. The servant sleeps and the master lies awake thinking how he is to feed him, advance him, and reward him.
The distress of seeing the sky turn brazen, and withhold its needful moisture from the earth, is not felt by the servant but by the master, who in time of scarcity and famine must support him who has served him in times of plenty and abundance. To all this Sancho made no reply because he was asleep, nor would he have wakened up so soon as he did had not Don Quixote brought him to his senses with the butt of his lance.
He awoke at last, drowsy and lazy, and casting his eyes about in every direction, observed, 'There comes, if I don't mistake, from the quarter of that arcade a steam and a smell a great deal more like fried rashers than galingale or thyme a wedding that begins with smells like that, by my faith, ought to be plentiful and unstinting.
'Have done, thou glutton, said Don Quixote 'come, let us go and witness this bridal, and see what the rejected Basilio does. 'Let him do what he likes, returned Sancho 'be he not poor, he would marry Quiteria. To make a grand match for himself, and he without a farthing is there nothing else?
I will bet my arm that Camacho could bury Basilio in reals and if that be so, as no doubt it is, what a fool Quiteria would be to refuse the fine dresses and jewels Camacho must have given her and will give her, and take Basilio's barthrowing and swordplay.
They won't give a pint of wine at the tavern for a good cast of the bar or a neat thrust of the sword. Talents and accomplishments that can't be turned into money, let Count Dirlos have them but when such gifts fall to one that has hard cash, I wish my condition of life was as becoming as they are.
On a good foundation you can raise a good building, and the best foundation in the world is money. 'For God's sake, Sancho, said Don Quixote here, 'stop that harangue it is my belief, if thou wert allowed to continue all thou beginnest every instant, thou wouldst have no time left for eating or sleeping for thou wouldst spend it all in talking.
'If your worship had a good memory, replied Sancho, 'you would remember the articles of our agreement before we started from home this last time one of them was that I was to be let say all I liked, so long as it was not against my neighbour or your worship's authority and so far, it seems to me, I have not broken the said article.
'I remember no such article, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'and even if it were so, I desire you to hold your tongue and come along for the instruments we heard last night are already beginning to enliven the valleys again, and no doubt the marriage will take place in the cool of the morning, and not in the heat of the afternoon.
The first thing that presented itself to Sancho's eyes was a whole ox spitted on a whole elm tree, and in the fire at which it was to be roasted there was burning a middlingsized mountain of faggots, and six stewpots that stood round the blaze had not been made in the ordinary mould of common pots, for they were six half winejars, each fit to hold the contents of a slaughterhouse they swallowed up whole sheep and hid them away in their insides without showing any more sign of them than if they were pigeons.
Countless were the hares ready skinned and the plucked fowls that hung on the trees for burial in the pots, numberless the wildfowl and game of various sorts suspended from the branches that the air might keep them cool. Sancho counted more than sixty wine skins of over six gallons each, and all filled, as it proved afterwards, with generous wines.
There was a wall made of cheeses arranged like open brickwork, and two cauldrons full of oil, bigger than those of a dyer's shop, served for cooking fritters, which when fried were taken out with two mighty shovels, and plunged into another cauldron of prepared honey that stood close by.
Of cooks and cookmaids there were over fifty, all clean, brisk, and blithe. In the capacious belly of the ox were a dozen soft little suckingpigs, which, sewn up there, served to give it tenderness and flavour. The spices of different kinds did not seem to have been bought by the pound but by the quarter, and all lay open to view in a great chest.
'I don't see one, said Sancho. 'Wait a bit, said the cook 'sinner that I am! how particular and bashful you are! and so saying, he seized a bucket and plunging it into one of the half jars took up three hens and a couple of geese, and said to Sancho, 'Fall to, friend, and take the edge off your appetite with these skimmings until dinnertime comes.
While Sancho fared thus, Don Quixote was watching the entrance, at one end of the arcade, of some twelve peasants, all in holiday and gala dress, mounted on twelve beautiful mares with rich handsome field trappings and a number of little bells attached to their petrals, who, marshalled in regular order, ran not one but several courses over the meadow, with jubilant shouts and cries of 'Long live Camacho and Quiteria!
he as rich as she is fair and she the fairest on earth! Hearing this, Don Quixote said to himself, 'It is easy to see these folk have never seen my Dulcinea del Toboso for if they had they would be more moderate in their praises of this Quiteria of theirs.
Shortly after this, several bands of dancers of various sorts began to enter the arcade at different points, and among them one of sworddancers composed of some fourandtwenty lads of gallant and highspirited mien, clad in the finest and whitest of linen, and with handkerchiefs embroidered in various colours with fine silk and one of those on the mares asked an active youth who led them if any of the dancers had been wounded.
'As yet, thank God, no one has been wounded, said he, 'we are all safe and sound and he at once began to execute complicated figures with the rest of his comrades, with so many turns and so great dexterity, that although Don Quixote was well used to see dances of the same kind, he thought he had never seen any so good as this.
He also admired another that came in composed of fair young maidens, none of whom seemed to be under fourteen or over eighteen years of age, all clad in green stuff, with their locks partly braided, partly flowing loose, but all of such bright gold as to vie with the sunbeams, and over them they wore garlands of jessamine, roses, amaranth, and honeysuckle.
At their head were a venerable old man and an ancient dame, more brisk and active, however, than might have been expected from their years. The notes of a Zamora bagpipe accompanied them, and with modesty in their countenances and in their eyes, and lightness in their feet, they looked the best dancers in the world.
Following these there came an artistic dance of the sort they call 'speaking dances. It was composed of eight nymphs in two files, with the god Cupid leading one and Interest the other, the former furnished with wings, bow, quiver and arrows, the latter in a rich dress of gold and silk of divers colours.
The nymphs that followed Love bore their names written on white parchment in large letters on their backs. 'Poetry was the name of the first, 'Wit of the second, 'Birth of the third, and 'Valour of the fourth. Those that followed Interest were distinguished in the same way the badge of the first announced 'Liberality, that of the second 'Largess, the third 'Treasure, and the fourth 'Peaceful Possession.
In front of them all came a wooden castle drawn by four wild men, all clad in ivy and hemp stained green, and looking so natural that they nearly terrified Sancho. On the front of the castle and on each of the four sides of its frame it bore the inscription 'Castle of Caution.
Four skillful tabor and flute players accompanied them, and the dance having been opened, Cupid, after executing two figures, raised his eyes and bent his bow against a damsel who stood between the turrets of the castle, and thus addressed her I am the mighty God whose sway Is potent over land and sea.
The heavens above us own me nay, The shades below acknowledge me. I know not fear, I have my will, Whate'er my whim or fancy be For me there's no impossible, I order, bind, forbid, set free. Having concluded the stanza he discharged an arrow at the top of the castle, and went back to his place.
Interest then came forward and went through two more figures, and as soon as the tabors ceased, he said But mightier than Love am I, Though Love it be that leads me on, Than mine no lineage is more high, Or older, underneath the sun. To use me rightly few know how, To act without me fewer still, For I am Interest, and I vow For evermore to do thy will.
Interest retired, and Poetry came forward, and when she had gone through her figures like the others, fixing her eyes on the damsel of the castle, she said With many a fanciful conceit, Fair Lady, winsome Poesy Her soul, an offering at thy feet, Presents in sonnets unto thee. If thou my homage wilt not scorn, Thy fortune, watched by envious eyes, On wings of poesy upborne Shall be exalted to the skies.
Poetry withdrew, and on the side of Interest Liberality advanced, and after having gone through her figures, said To give, while shunning each extreme, The sparing hand, the overfree, Therein consists, so wise men deem, The virtue Liberality. But thee, fair lady, to enrich, Myself a prodigal I'll prove, A vice not wholly shameful, which May find its fair excuse in love.
In the same manner all the characters of the two bands advanced and retired, and each executed its figures, and delivered its verses, some of them graceful, some burlesque, but Don Quixote's memory (though he had an excellent one) only carried away those that have been just quoted. All then mingled together, forming chains and breaking off again with graceful, unconstrained gaiety and whenever Love passed in front of the castle he shot his arrows up at it, while Interest broke gilded pellets against it.
At length, after they had danced a good while, Interest drew out a great purse, made of the skin of a large brindled cat and to all appearance full of money, and flung it at the castle, and with the force of the blow the boards fell asunder and tumbled down, leaving the damsel exposed and unprotected.
Interest and the characters of his band advanced, and throwing a great chain of gold over her neck pretended to take her and lead her away captive, on seeing which, Love and his supporters made as though they would release her, the whole action being to the accompaniment of the tabors and in the form of a regular dance.
The wild men made peace between them, and with great dexterity readjusted and fixed the boards of the castle, and the damsel once more ensconced herself within and with this the dance wound up, to the great enjoyment of the beholders. Don Quixote asked one of the nymphs who it was that had composed and arranged it.
'I will lay a wager, said Don Quixote, 'that the same bachelor or beneficiary is a greater friend of Camacho's than of Basilio's, and that he is better at satire than at vespers he has introduced the accomplishments of Basilio and the riches of Camacho very neatly into the dance.
'It is easy to see thou art a clown, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'and one of that sort that cry 'Long life to the conqueror.' 'I don't know of what sort I am, returned Sancho, 'but I know very well I'll never get such elegant skimmings off Basilio's pots as these I have got off Camacho's and he showed him the bucketful of geese and hens, and seizing one began to eat with great gaiety and appetite, saying, 'A fig for the accomplishments of Basilio!
As a grandmother of mine used to say, there are only two families in the world, the Haves and the Haven'ts and she stuck to the Haves and to this day, Seor Don Quixote, people would sooner feel the pulse of 'Have,' than of 'Know' an ass covered with gold looks better than a horse with a packsaddle.
So once more I say I stick to Camacho, the bountiful skimmings of whose pots are geese and hens, hares and rabbits but of Basilio's, if any ever come to hand, or even to foot, they'll be only rinsings. 'Hast thou finished thy harangue, Sancho? said Don Quixote. 'Of course I have finished it, replied Sancho, 'because I see your worship takes offence at it but if it was not for that, there was work enough cut out for three days.
'God grant I may see thee dumb before I die, Sancho, said Don Quixote. 'At the rate we are going, said Sancho, 'I'll be chewing clay before your worship dies and then, maybe, I'll be so dumb that I'll not say a word until the end of the world, or, at least, till the day of judgment.
'Even should that happen, O Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'thy silence will never come up to all thou hast talked, art talking, and wilt talk all thy life moreover, it naturally stands to reason, that my death will come before thine so I never expect to see thee dumb, not even when thou art drinking or sleeping, and that is the utmost I can say.
'In good faith, seor, replied Sancho, 'there's no trusting that fleshless one, I mean Death, who devours the lamb as soon as the sheep, and, as I have heard our curate say, treads with equal foot upon the lofty towers of kings and the lowly huts of the poor. That lady is more mighty than dainty, she is in no way squeamish, she devours all and is ready for all, and fills her alforjas with people of all sorts, ages, and ranks.
She is no reaper that sleeps out the noontide at all times she is reaping and cutting down, as well the dry grass as the green she never seems to chew, but bolts and swallows all that is put before her, for she has a canine appetite that is never satisfied and though she has no belly, she shows she has a dropsy and is athirst to drink the lives of all that live, as one would drink a jug of cold water.
'Say no more, Sancho, said Don Quixote at this 'don't try to better it, and risk a fall for in truth what thou hast said about death in thy rustic phrase is what a good preacher might have said. I tell thee, Sancho, if thou hadst discretion equal to thy mother wit, thou mightst take a pulpit in hand, and go about the world preaching fine sermons.
'He preaches well who lives well, said Sancho, 'and I know no more theology than that. 'Nor needst thou, said Don Quixote, 'but I cannot conceive or make out how it is that, the fear of God being the beginning of wisdom, thou, who art more afraid of a lizard than of him, knowest so much.
'Pass judgment on your chivalries, seor, returned Sancho, 'and don't set yourself up to judge of other men's fears or braveries, for I am as good a fearer of God as my neighbours but leave me to despatch these skimmings, for all the rest is only idle talk that we shall be called to account for in the other world and so saying, he began a fresh attack on the bucket, with such a hearty appetite that he aroused Don Quixote's, who no doubt would have helped him had he not been prevented by what must be told farther on.
While Don Quixote and Sancho were engaged in the discussion set forth the last chapter, they heard loud shouts and a great noise, which were uttered and made by the men on the mares as they went at full gallop, shouting, to receive the bride and bridegroom, who were approaching with musical instruments and pageantry of all sorts around them, and accompanied by the priest and the relatives of both, and all the most distinguished people of the surrounding villages.
When Sancho saw the bride, he exclaimed, 'By my faith, she is not dressed like a country girl, but like some fine court lady egad, as well as I can make out, the patena she wears rich coral, and her green Cuenca stuff is thirtypile velvet and then the white linen trimmingby my oath, but it's satin!
Look at her handsjet rings on them! May I never have luck if they're not gold rings, and real gold, and set with pearls as white as a curdled milk, and every one of them worth an eye of one's head! Whoreson baggage, what hair she has! if it's not a wig, I never saw longer or fairer all the days of my life.
See how bravely she bears herselfand her shape! Wouldn't you say she was like a walking palm tree loaded with clusters of dates? for the trinkets she has hanging from her hair and neck look just like them. I swear in my heart she is a brave lass, and fit 'to pass over the banks of Flanders.' Don Quixote laughed at Sancho's boorish eulogies and thought that, saving his lady Dulcinea del Toboso, he had never seen a more beautiful woman.
They advanced towards a theatre that stood on one side of the meadow decked with carpets and boughs, where they were to plight their troth, and from which they were to behold the dances and plays but at the moment of their arrival at the spot they heard a loud outcry behind them, and a voice exclaiming, 'Wait a little, ye, as inconsiderate as ye are hasty!
At these words all turned round, and perceived that the speaker was a man clad in what seemed to be a loose black coat garnished with crimson patches like flames. He was crowned (as was presently seen) with a crown of gloomy cypress, and in his hand he held a long staff.
And so saying, he seized the staff he had driven into the ground, and leaving one half of it fixed there, showed it to be a sheath that concealed a tolerably long rapier and, what may be called its hilt being planted in the ground, he swiftly, coolly, and deliberately threw himself upon it, and in an instant the bloody point and half the steel blade appeared at his back, the unhappy man falling to the earth bathed in his blood, and transfixed by his own weapon.
His friends at once ran to his aid, filled with grief at his misery and sad fate, and Don Quixote, dismounting from Rocinante, hastened to support him, and took him in his arms, and found he had not yet ceased to breathe. They were about to draw out the rapier, but the priest who was standing by objected to its being withdrawn before he had confessed him, as the instant of its withdrawal would be that of this death.
Basilio, however, reviving slightly, said in a weak voice, as though in pain, 'If thou wouldst consent, cruel Quiteria, to give me thy hand as my bride in this last fatal moment, I might still hope that my rashness would find pardon, as by its means I attained the bliss of being thine.
Hearing this the priest bade him think of the welfare of his soul rather than of the cravings of the body, and in all earnestness implore God's pardon for his sins and for his rash resolve to which Basilio replied that he was determined not to confess unless Quiteria first gave him her hand in marriage, for that happiness would compose his mind and give him courage to make his confession.
Don Quixote hearing the wounded man's entreaty, exclaimed aloud that what Basilio asked was just and reasonable, and moreover a request that might be easily complied with and that it would be as much to Seor Camacho's honour to receive the lady Quiteria as the widow of the brave Basilio as if he received her direct from her father.
Camacho was listening to all this, perplexed and bewildered and not knowing what to say or do but so urgent were the entreaties of Basilio's friends, imploring him to allow Quiteria to give him her hand, so that his soul, quitting this life in despair, should not be lost, that they moved, nay, forced him, to say that if Quiteria were willing to give it he was satisfied, as it was only putting off the fulfillment of his wishes for a moment.
At once all assailed Quiteria and pressed her, some with prayers, and others with tears, and others with persuasive arguments, to give her hand to poor Basilio but she, harder than marble and more unmoved than any statue, seemed unable or unwilling to utter a word, nor would she have given any reply had not the priest bade her decide quickly what she meant to do, as Basilio now had his soul at his teeth, and there was no time for hesitation.
On this the fair Quiteria, to all appearance distressed, grieved, and repentant, advanced without a word to where Basilio lay, his eyes already turned in his head, his breathing short and painful, murmuring the name of Quiteria between his teeth, and apparently about to die like a heathen and not like a Christian.
Basilio opened his eyes and gazing fixedly at her, said, 'O Quiteria, why hast thou turned compassionate at a moment when thy compassion will serve as a dagger to rob me of life, for I have not now the strength left either to bear the happiness thou givest me in accepting me as thine, or to suppress the pain that is rapidly drawing the dread shadow of death over my eyes?
What I entreat of thee, O thou fatal star to me, is that the hand thou demandest of me and wouldst give me, be not given out of complaisance or to deceive me afresh, but that thou confess and declare that without any constraint upon thy will thou givest it to me as to thy lawful husband for it is not meet that thou shouldst trifle with me at such a moment as this, or have recourse to falsehoods with one who has dealt so truly by thee.
Then Quiteria, overcome with modesty and shame, holding in her right hand the hand of Basilio, said, 'No force would bend my will as freely, therefore, as it is possible for me to do so, I give thee the hand of a lawful wife, and take thine if thou givest it to me of thine own free will, untroubled and unaffected by the calamity thy hasty act has brought upon thee.
'Yes, I give it, said Basilio, 'not agitated or distracted, but with unclouded reason that heaven is pleased to grant me, thus do I give myself to be thy husband. 'And I give myself to be thy wife, said Quiteria, 'whether thou livest many years, or they carry thee from my arms to the grave.
Basilio and Quiteria having thus joined hands, the priest, deeply moved and with tears in his eyes, pronounced the blessing upon them, and implored heaven to grant an easy passage to the soul of the newly wedded man, who, the instant he received the blessing, started nimbly to his feet and with unparalleled effrontery pulled out the rapier that had been sheathed in his body.
The priest, perplexed and amazed, made haste to examine the wound with both hands, and found that the blade had passed, not through Basilio's flesh and ribs, but through a hollow iron tube full of blood, which he had adroitly fixed at the place, the blood, as was afterwards ascertained, having been so prepared as not to congeal.
cried Don Quixote in a loud voice 'we have no right to take vengeance for wrongs that love may do to us remember love and war are the same thing, and as in war it is allowable and common to make use of wiles and stratagems to overcome the enemy, so in the contests and rivalries of love the tricks and devices employed to attain the desired end are justifiable, provided they be not to the discredit or dishonour of the loved object.
Basilio has but this ewelamb, and no one, however powerful he may be, shall take her from him these two whom God hath joined man cannot separate and he who attempts it must first pass the point of this lance and so saying he brandished it so stoutly and dexterously that he overawed all who did not know him.
Camacho and those of his following, therefore, being consoled and pacified, those on Basilio's side were appeased and the rich Camacho, to show that he felt no resentment for the trick, and did not care about it, desired the festival to go on just as if he were married in reality.
Neither Basilio, however, nor his bride, nor their followers would take any part in it, and they withdrew to Basilio's village for the poor, if they are persons of virtue and good sense, have those who follow, honour, and uphold them, just as the rich have those who flatter and dance attendance on them.
Sancho alone had a cloud on his soul, for he found himself debarred from waiting for Camacho's splendid feast and festival, which lasted until night and thus dragged away, he moodily followed his master, who accompanied Basilio's party, and left behind him the fleshpots of Egypt though in his heart he took them with him, and their now nearly finished skimmings that he carried in the bucket conjured up visions before his eyes of the glory and abundance of the good cheer he was losing.
Many and great were the attentions shown to Don Quixote by the newly married couple, who felt themselves under an obligation to him for coming forward in defence of their cause and they exalted his wisdom to the same level with his courage, rating him as a Cid in arms, and a Cicero in eloquence.
Worthy Sancho enjoyed himself for three days at the expense of the pair, from whom they learned that the sham wound was not a scheme arranged with the fair Quiteria, but a device of Basilio's, who counted on exactly the result they had seen he confessed, it is true, that he had confided his idea to some of his friends, so that at the proper time they might aid him in his purpose and insure the success of the deception.
The poor man who is a man of honour (if indeed a poor man can be a man of honour) has a jewel when he has a fair wife, and if she is taken from him, his honour is taken from him and slain. The fair woman who is a woman of honour, and whose husband is poor, deserves to be crowned with the laurels and crowns of victory and triumph.
Beauty by itself attracts the desires of all who behold it, and the royal eagles and birds of towering flight stoop on it as on a dainty lure but if beauty be accompanied by want and penury, then the ravens and the kites and other birds of prey assail it, and she who stands firm against such attacks well deserves to be called the crown of her husband.
'Remember, O prudent Basilio, added Don Quixote, 'it was the opinion of a certain sage, I know not whom, that there was not more than one good woman in the whole world and his advice was that each one should think and believe that this one good woman was his own wife, and in this way he would live happy.
The first thing I would recommend him, would be to look to good name rather than to wealth, for a good woman does not win a good name merely by being good, but by letting it be seen that she is so, and open looseness and freedom do much more damage to a woman's honour than secret depravity.
If you take a good woman into your house it will be an easy matter to keep her good, and even to make her still better but if you take a bad one you will find it hard work to mend her, for it is no very easy matter to pass from one extreme to another.
Sancho, listening to all this, said to himself, 'This master of mine, when I say anything that has weight and substance, says I might take a pulpit in hand, and go about the world preaching fine sermons but I say of him that, when he begins stringing maxims together and giving advice not only might he take a pulpit in hand, but two on each finger, and go into the marketplaces to his heart's content.
Devil take you for a knighterrant, what a lot of things you know! I used to think in my heart that the only thing he knew was what belonged to his chivalry but there is nothing he won't have a finger in. Sancho muttered this somewhat aloud, and his master overheard him, and asked, 'What art thou muttering there, Sancho?
'I'm not saying anything or muttering anything, said Sancho 'I was only saying to myself that I wish I had heard what your worship has said just now before I married perhaps I'd say now, 'The ox that's loose licks himself well.' 'Is thy Teresa so bad then, Sancho? 'She is not very bad, replied Sancho 'but she is not very good at least she is not as good as I could wish.
'Thou dost wrong, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'to speak ill of thy wife for after all she is the mother of thy children. 'We are quits, returned Sancho 'for she speaks ill of me whenever she takes it into her head, especially when she is jealous and Satan himself could not put up with her then.
Don Quixote begged the fencing licentiate to find him a guide to show him the way to the cave of Montesinos, as he had a great desire to enter it and see with his own eyes if the wonderful tales that were told of it all over the country were true.
The licentiate said he would get him a cousin of his own, a famous scholar, and one very much given to reading books of chivalry, who would have great pleasure in conducting him to the mouth of the very cave, and would show him the lakes of Ruidera, which were likewise famous all over La Mancha, and even all over Spain and he assured him he would find him entertaining, for he was a youth who could write books good enough to be printed and dedicated to princes.
The cousin arrived at last, leading an ass in foal, with a packsaddle covered with a particoloured carpet or sackcloth Sancho saddled Rocinante, got Dapple ready, and stocked his alforjas, along with which went those of the cousin, likewise well filled and so, commending themselves to God and bidding farewell to all, they set out, taking the road for the famous cave of Montesinos.
On the way Don Quixote asked the cousin of what sort and character his pursuits, avocations, and studies were, to which he replied that he was by profession a humanist, and that his pursuits and studies were making books for the press, all of great utility and no less entertainment to the nation.
One was called 'The Book of Liveries, in which he described seven hundred and three liveries, with their colours, mottoes, and ciphers, from which gentlemen of the court might pick and choose any they fancied for festivals and revels, without having to go abegging for them from anyone, or puzzling their brains, as the saying is, to have them appropriate to their objects and purposes 'for, said he, 'I give the jealous, the rejected, the forgotten, the absent, what will suit them, and fit them without fail.
I have another book, too, which I shall call 'Metamorphoses, or the Spanish Ovid,' one of rare and original invention, for imitating Ovid in burlesque style, I show in it who the Giralda of Seville and the Angel of the Magdalena were, what the sewer of Vecinguerra at Cordova was, what the bulls of Guisando, the Sierra Morena, the Leganitos and Lavapies fountains at Madrid, not forgetting those of the Piojo, of the Cano Dorado, and of the Priora and all with their allegories, metaphors, and changes, so that they are amusing, interesting, and instructive, all at once.
He forgot to tell us who was the first man in the world that had a cold in his head, and who was the first to try salivation for the French disease, but I give it accurately set forth, and quote more than fiveandtwenty authors in proof of it, so you may perceive I have laboured to good purpose and that the book will be of service to the whole world.
Sancho, who had been very attentive to the cousin's words, said to him, 'Tell me, seorand God give you luck in printing your bookscan you tell me (for of course you know, as you know everything) who was the first man that scratched his head? For to my thinking it must have been our father Adam.
'So it must, replied the cousin 'for there is no doubt but Adam had a head and hair and being the first man in the world he would have scratched himself sometimes. 'So I think, said Sancho 'but now tell me, who was the first tumbler in the world? 'Really, brother, answered the cousin, 'I could not at this moment say positively without having investigated it I will look it up when I go back to where I have my books, and will satisfy you the next time we meet, for this will not be the last time.
'Look here, seor, said Sancho, 'don't give yourself any trouble about it, for I have just this minute hit upon what I asked you. The first tumbler in the world, you must know, was Lucifer, when they cast or pitched him out of heaven for he came tumbling into the bottomless pit.
'You are right, friend, said the cousin and said Don Quixote, 'Sancho, that question and answer are not thine own thou hast heard them from someone else. 'Hold your peace, seor, said Sancho 'faith, if I take to asking questions and answering, I'll go on from this till tomorrow morning.
Nay! to ask foolish things and answer nonsense I needn't go looking for help from my neighbours. 'Thou hast said more than thou art aware of, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'for there are some who weary themselves out in learning and proving things that, after they are known and proved, are not worth a farthing to the understanding or memory.
In this and other pleasant conversation the day went by, and that night they put up at a small hamlet whence it was not more than two leagues to the cave of Montesinos, so the cousin told Don Quixote, adding, that if he was bent upon entering it, it would be requisite for him to provide himself with ropes, so that he might be tied and lowered into its depths.
Don Quixote said that even if it reached to the bottomless pit he meant to see where it went to so they bought about a hundred fathoms of rope, and next day at two in the afternoon they arrived at the cave, the mouth of which is spacious and wide, but full of thorn and wildfig bushes and brambles and briars, so thick and matted that they completely close it up and cover it over.
On coming within sight of it the cousin, Sancho, and Don Quixote dismounted, and the first two immediately tied the latter very firmly with the ropes, and as they were girding and swathing him Sancho said to him, 'Mind what you are about, master mine don't go burying yourself alive, or putting yourself where you'll be like a bottle put to cool in a well it's no affair or business of your worship's to become the explorer of this, which must be worse than a Moorish dungeon.
'Tie me and hold thy peace, said Don Quixote, 'for an emprise like this, friend Sancho, was reserved for me and said the guide, 'I beg of you, Seor Don Quixote, to observe carefully and examine with a hundred eyes everything that is within there perhaps there may be some things for me to put into my book of 'Transformations.' 'The drum is in hands that will know how to beat it well enough, said Sancho Panza.
He got up, however, and as there came no more crows, or nightbirds like the bats that flew out at the same time with the crows, the cousin and Sancho giving him rope, he lowered himself into the depths of the dread cavern and as he entered it Sancho sent his blessing after him, making a thousand crosses over him and saying, 'God, and the Pea de Francia, and the Trinity of Gaeta guide thee, flower and cream of knightserrant.
There thou goest, thou daredevil of the earth, heart of steel, arm of brass once more, God guide thee and send thee back safe, sound, and unhurt to the light of this world thou art leaving to bury thyself in the darkness thou art seeking there and the cousin offered up almost the same prayers and supplications.
Don Quixote kept calling to them to give him rope and more rope, and they gave it out little by little, and by the time the calls, which came out of the cave as out of a pipe, ceased to be heard they had let down the hundred fathoms of rope.
They were inclined to pull Don Quixote up again, as they could give him no more rope however, they waited about half an hour, at the end of which time they began to gather in the rope again with great ease and without feeling any weight, which made them fancy Don Quixote was remaining below and persuaded that it was so, Sancho wept bitterly, and hauled away in great haste in order to settle the question.
When, however, they had come to, as it seemed, rather more than eighty fathoms they felt a weight, at which they were greatly delighted and at last, at ten fathoms more, they saw Don Quixote distinctly, and Sancho called out to him, saying, 'Welcome back, seor, for we had begun to think you were going to stop there to found a family.
They stretched him on the ground and untied him, but still he did not awake however, they rolled him back and forwards and shook and pulled him about, so that after some time he came to himself, stretching himself just as if he were waking up from a deep and sound sleep, and looking about him he said, 'God forgive you, friends ye have taken me away from the sweetest and most delightful existence and spectacle that ever human being enjoyed or beheld.
Now indeed do I know that all the pleasures of this life pass away like a shadow and a dream, or fade like the flower of the field. O illfated Montesinos! O sorewounded Durandarte! O unhappy Belerma! O tearful Guadiana, and ye O hapless daughters of Ruidera who show in your waves the tears that flowed from your beauteous eyes!
The cousin and Sancho Panza listened with deep attention to the words of Don Quixote, who uttered them as though with immense pain he drew them up from his very bowels. They begged of him to explain himself, and tell them what he had seen in that hell down there.
They spread the cousin's sackcloth on the grass, and put the stores of the alforjas into requisition, and all three sitting down lovingly and sociably, they made a luncheon and a supper of it all in one and when the sackcloth was removed, Don Quixote of La Mancha said, 'Let no one rise, and attend to me, my sons, both of you.
It was about four in the afternoon when the sun, veiled in clouds, with subdued light and tempered beams, enabled Don Quixote to relate, without heat or inconvenience, what he had seen in the cave of Montesinos to his two illustrious hearers, and he began as follows 'A matter of some twelve or fourteen times a man's height down in this pit, on the righthand side, there is a recess or space, roomy enough to contain a large cart with its mules.
This recess or space I perceived when I was already growing weary and disgusted at finding myself hanging suspended by the rope, travelling downwards into that dark region without any certainty or knowledge of where I was going, so I resolved to enter it and rest myself for a while.
I then gathered in the rope you were sending me, and making a coil or pile of it I seated myself upon it, ruminating and considering what I was to do to lower myself to the bottom, having no one to hold me up and as I was thus deep in thought and perplexity, suddenly and without provocation a profound sleep fell upon me, and when I least expected it, I know not how, I awoke and found myself in the midst of the most beautiful, delightful meadow that nature could produce or the most lively human imagination conceive.
Nevertheless, I felt my head and breast to satisfy myself whether it was I myself who was there or some empty delusive phantom but touch, feeling, the collected thoughts that passed through my mind, all convinced me that I was the same then and there that I am this moment.
Next there presented itself to my sight a stately royal palace or castle, with walls that seemed built of clear transparent crystal and through two great doors that opened wide therein, I saw coming forth and advancing towards me a venerable old man, clad in a long gown of mulberrycoloured serge that trailed upon the ground.
On his shoulders and breast he had a green satin collegiate hood, and covering his head a black Milanese bonnet, and his snowwhite beard fell below his girdle. He carried no arms whatever, nothing but a rosary of beads bigger than fairsized filberts, each tenth bead being like a moderate ostrich egg his bearing, his gait, his dignity and imposing presence held me spellbound and wondering.
He approached me, and the first thing he did was to embrace me closely, and then he said to me, 'For a long time now, O valiant knight Don Quixote of La Mancha, we who are here enchanted in these solitudes have been hoping to see thee, that thou mayest make known to the world what is shut up and concealed in this deep cave, called the cave of Montesinos, which thou hast entered, an achievement reserved for thy invincible heart and stupendous courage alone to attempt.
Come with me, illustrious sir, and I will show thee the marvels hidden within this transparent castle, whereof I am the alcaide and perpetual warden for I am Montesinos himself, from whom the cave takes its name.' 'The instant he told me he was Montesinos, I asked him if the story they told in the world above here was true, that he had taken out the heart of his great friend Durandarte from his breast with a little dagger, and carried it to the lady Belerma, as his friend when at the point of death had commanded him.
'I do not know, said Don Quixote 'it could not have been by that poniard maker, however, because Ramon de Hoces was a man of yesterday, and the affair of Roncesvalles, where this mishap occurred, was long ago but the question is of no great importance, nor does it affect or make any alteration in the truth or substance of the story.
'And with no less do I tell the tale, said Don Quixote 'and so, to proceedthe venerable Montesinos led me into the palace of crystal, where, in a lower chamber, strangely cool and entirely of alabaster, was an elaborately wrought marble tomb, upon which I beheld, stretched at full length, a knight, not of bronze, or marble, or jasper, as are seen on other tombs, but of actual flesh and bone.
His right hand (which seemed to me somewhat hairy and sinewy, a sign of great strength in its owner) lay on the side of his heart but before I could put any question to Montesinos, he, seeing me gazing at the tomb in amazement, said to me, 'This is my friend Durandarte, flower and mirror of the true lovers and valiant knights of his time.
He is held enchanted here, as I myself and many others are, by that French enchanter Merlin, who, they say, was the devil's son but my belief is, not that he was the devil's son, but that he knew, as the saying is, a point more than the devil. How or why he enchanted us, no one knows, but time will tell, and I suspect that time is not far off.
What I marvel at is, that I know it to be as sure as that it is now day, that Durandarte ended his life in my arms, and that, after his death, I took out his heart with my own hands and indeed it must have weighed more than two pounds, for, according to naturalists, he who has a large heart is more largely endowed with valour than he who has a small one.
Then, as this is the case, and as the knight did really die, how comes it that he now moans and sighs from time to time, as if he were still alive?' 'As he said this, the wretched Durandarte cried out in a loud voice O cousin Montesinos! 'Twas my last request of thee, When my soul hath left the body, And that lying dead I be, With thy poniard or thy dagger Cut the heart from out my breast, And bear it to Belerma.
Guadiana your squire, likewise bewailing your fate, was changed into a river of his own name, but when he came to the surface and beheld the sun of another heaven, so great was his grief at finding he was leaving you, that he plunged into the bowels of the earth however, as he cannot help following his natural course, he from time to time comes forth and shows himself to the sun and the world.
The lakes aforesaid send him their waters, and with these, and others that come to him, he makes a grand and imposing entrance into Portugal but for all that, go where he may, he shows his melancholy and sadness, and takes no pride in breeding dainty choice fish, only coarse and tasteless sorts, very different from those of the golden Tagus.
All this that I tell you now, O cousin mine, I have told you many times before, and as you make no answer, I fear that either you believe me not, or do not hear me, whereat I feel God knows what grief. I have now news to give you, which, if it serves not to alleviate your sufferings, will not in any wise increase them.
'And now there was heard a great outcry and lamentation, accompanied by deep sighs and bitter sobs. I looked round, and through the crystal wall I saw passing through another chamber a procession of two lines of fair damsels all clad in mourning, and with white turbans of Turkish fashion on their heads.
Her turban was twice as large as the largest of any of the others her eyebrows met, her nose was rather flat, her mouth was large but with ruddy lips, and her teeth, of which at times she allowed a glimpse, were seen to be sparse and illset, though as white as peeled almonds.
'Nay, Sancho, my friend, said Don Quixote, 'it would not have been right in me to do that, for we are all bound to pay respect to the aged, even though they be not knights, but especially to those who are, and who are enchanted I only know I gave him as good as he brought in the many other questions and answers we exchanged.
'I cannot understand, Seor Don Quixote, remarked the cousin here, 'how it is that your worship, in such a short space of time as you have been below there, could have seen so many things, and said and answered so much. 'How long is it since I went down? asked Don Quixote.
'Little better than an hour, replied Sancho. 'That cannot be, returned Don Quixote, 'because night overtook me while I was there, and day came, and it was night again and day again three times so that, by my reckoning, I have been three days in those remote regions beyond our ken.
'My master must be right, replied Sancho 'for as everything that has happened to him is by enchantment, maybe what seems to us an hour would seem three days and nights there. 'That's it, said Don Quixote. 'And did your worship eat anything all that time, seor? asked the cousin.
'I never touched a morsel, answered Don Quixote, 'nor did I feel hunger, or think of it. 'And do the enchanted eat? said the cousin. 'They neither eat, said Don Quixote 'nor are they subject to the greater excrements, though it is thought that their nails, beards, and hair grow.
'The proverb, 'Tell me what company thou keepest and I'll tell thee what thou art,' is to the point here, said Sancho 'your worship keeps company with enchanted people that are always fasting and watching what wonder is it, then, that you neither eat nor sleep while you are with them?
But forgive me, seor, if I say that of all this you have told us now, may God take meI was just going to say the devilif I believe a single particle. 'What! said the cousin, 'has Seor Don Quixote, then, been lying? Why, even if he wished it he has not had time to imagine and put together such a host of lies.
'I don't believe my master lies, said Sancho. 'If not, what dost thou believe? asked Don Quixote. 'I believe, replied Sancho, 'that this Merlin, or those enchanters who enchanted the whole crew your worship says you saw and discoursed with down there, stuffed your imagination or your mind with all this rigmarole you have been treating us to, and all that is still to come.
I asked Montesinos if he knew them, and he told me he did not, but he thought they must be some enchanted ladies of distinction, for it was only a few days before that they had made their appearance in those meadows but I was not to be surprised at that, because there were a great many other ladies there of times past and present, enchanted in various strange shapes, and among them he had recognised Queen Guinevere and her dame Quintaona, she who poured out the wine for Lancelot when he came from Britain.
You were well enough here above in your full senses, such as God had given you, delivering maxims and giving advice at every turn, and not as you are now, talking the greatest nonsense that can be imagined. 'As I know thee, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'I heed not thy words.
'Nor I your worship's, said Sancho, 'whether you beat me or kill me for those I have spoken, and will speak if you don't correct and mend your own. But tell me, while we are still at peace, how or by what did you recognise the lady our mistress and if you spoke to her, what did you say, and what did she answer?
'I recognised her, said Don Quixote, 'by her wearing the same garments she wore when thou didst point her out to me. I spoke to her, but she did not utter a word in reply on the contrary, she turned her back on me and took to flight, at such a pace that crossbow bolt could not have overtaken her.
I wished to follow her, and would have done so had not Montesinos recommended me not to take the trouble as it would be useless, particularly as the time was drawing near when it would be necessary for me to quit the cavern. He told me, moreover, that in course of time he would let me know how he and Belerma, and Durandarte, and all who were there, were to be disenchanted.
'O blessed God! exclaimed Sancho aloud at this, 'is it possible that such things can be in the world, and that enchanters and enchantments can have such power in it as to have changed my master's right senses into a craze so full of absurdity! O seor, seor, for God's sake, consider yourself, have a care for your honour, and give no credit to this silly stuff that has left you scant and short of wits.
'Thou talkest in this way because thou lovest me, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'and not being experienced in the things of the world, everything that has some difficulty about it seems to thee impossible but time will pass, as I said before, and I will tell thee some of the things I saw down there which will make thee believe what I have related now, the truth of which admits of neither reply nor question.
On the other hand, I reflect that he related and told the story with all the circumstances detailed, and that he could not in so short a space have fabricated such a vast complication of absurdities if, then, this adventure seems apocryphal, it is no fault of mine and so, without affirming its falsehood or its truth, I write it down.
Decide for thyself in thy wisdom, reader for I am not bound, nor is it in my power, to do more though certain it is they say that at the time of his death he retracted, and said he had invented it, thinking it matched and tallied with the adventures he had read of in his histories.
And this demonstration is just the thing for me for that other book I am writing, the 'Supplement to Polydore Vergil on the Invention of Antiquities' for I believe he never thought of inserting that of cards in his book, as I mean to do in mine, and it will be a matter of great importance, particularly when I can cite so grave and veracious an authority as Seor Durandarte.
And the fourth thing is, that I have ascertained the source of the river Guadiana, heretofore unknown to mankind. 'You are right, said Don Quixote 'but I should like to know, if by God's favour they grant you a licence to print those books of yourswhich I doubtto whom do you mean to dedicate them?
'There are lords and grandees in Spain to whom they can be dedicated, said the cousin. 'Not many, said Don Quixote 'not that they are unworthy of it, but because they do not care to accept books and incur the obligation of making the return that seems due to the author's labour and courtesy.
One prince I know who makes up for all the rest, and morehow much more, if I ventured to say, perhaps I should stir up envy in many a noble breast but let this stand over for some more convenient time, and let us go and look for some place to shelter ourselves in tonight.
'Not far from this, said the cousin, 'there is a hermitage, where there lives a hermit, who they say was a soldier, and who has the reputation of being a good Christian and a very intelligent and charitable man. Close to the hermitage he has a small house which he built at his own cost, but though small it is large enough for the reception of guests.
But do not think that by praising these I am disparaging the others all I mean to say is that the penances of those of the present day do not come up to the asceticism and austerity of former times but it does not follow from this that they are not all worthy at least I think them so and at the worst the hypocrite who pretends to be good does less harm than the open sinner.
At this point they saw approaching the spot where they stood a man on foot, proceeding at a rapid pace, and beating a mule loaded with lances and halberds. When he came up to them, he saluted them and passed on without stopping. Don Quixote called to him, 'Stay, good fellow you seem to be making more haste than suits that mule.
Accordingly they mounted and all three took the direct road for the inn, which they reached a little before nightfall. On the road the cousin proposed they should go up to the hermitage to drink a sup. The instant Sancho heard this he steered his Dapple towards it, and Don Quixote and the cousin did the same but it seems Sancho's bad luck so ordered it that the hermit was not at home, for so a subhermit they found in the hermitage told them.
They called for some of the best. She replied that her master had none, but that if they liked cheap water she would give it with great pleasure. 'If I found any in water, said Sancho, 'there are wells along the road where I could have had enough of it.
Ah, Camacho's wedding, and plentiful house of Don Diego, how often do I miss you! Leaving the hermitage, they pushed on towards the inn, and a little farther they came upon a youth who was pacing along in front of them at no great speed, so that they overtook him.
He carried a sword over his shoulder, and slung on it a budget or bundle of his clothes apparently, probably his breeches or pantaloons, and his cloak and a shirt or two for he had on a short jacket of velvet with a gloss like satin on it in places, and had his shirt out his stockings were of silk, and his shoes squaretoed as they wear them at court.
His age might have been eighteen or nineteen he was of a merry countenance, and to all appearance of an active habit, and he went along singing seguidillas to beguile the wearisomeness of the road. As they came up with him he was just finishing one, which the cousin got by heart and they say ran thus I'm off to the wars For the want of pence, Oh, had I but money I'd show more sense.
The first to address him was Don Quixote, who said, 'You travel very airily, sir gallant whither bound, may we ask, if it is your pleasure to tell us? To which the youth replied, 'The heat and my poverty are the reason of my travelling so airily, and it is to the wars that I am bound.
'If I had been in the service of some grandee of Spain or personage of distinction, replied the youth, 'I should have been safe to get it for that is the advantage of serving good masters, that out of the servants' hall men come to be ancients or captains, or get a good pension.
But I, to my misfortune, always served placehunters and adventurers, whose keep and wages were so miserable and scanty that half went in paying for the starching of one's collars it would be a miracle indeed if a page volunteer ever got anything like a reasonable bounty. 'And tell me, for heaven's sake, asked Don Quixote, 'is it possible, my friend, that all the time you served you never got any livery?
'They gave me two, replied the page 'but just as when one quits a religious community before making profession, they strip him of the dress of the order and give him back his own clothes, so did my masters return me mine for as soon as the business on which they came to court was finished, they went home and took back the liveries they had given merely for show.
And bear in mind what I am now about to say to you, for it will be of great use and comfort to you in time of trouble it is, not to let your mind dwell on the adverse chances that may befall you for the worst of all is death, and if it be a good death, the best of all is to die.
He answered, that which is unexpected, which comes suddenly and unforeseen and though he answered like a pagan, and one without the knowledge of the true God, yet, as far as sparing our feelings is concerned, he was right for suppose you are killed in the first engagement or skirmish, whether by a cannon ball or blown up by mine, what matters it?
The page did not accept the invitation to mount, though he did that to supper at the inn and here they say Sancho said to himself, 'God be with you for a master is it possible that a man who can say things so many and so good as he has said just now, can say that he saw the impossible absurdities he reports about the cave of Montesinos?
The instant they entered Don Quixote asked the landlord after the man with the lances and halberds, and was told that he was in the stable seeing to his mule which was what Sancho and the cousin proceeded to do for their beasts, giving the best manger and the best place in the stable to Rocinante.
Don Quixote's bread would not bake, as the common saying is, until he had heard and learned the curious things promised by the man who carried the arms. He went to seek him where the innkeeper said he was and having found him, bade him say now at any rate what he had to say in answer to the question he had asked him on the road.
A fortnight might have gone by, so the story goes, since the ass had been missing, when, as the regidor who had lost it was standing in the plaza, another regidor of the same town said to him, 'Pay me for good news, gossip your ass has turned up.' 'That I will, and well, gossip,' said the other 'but tell us, where has he turned up?' 'In the forest,' said the finder 'I saw him this morning without packsaddle or harness of any sort, and so lean that it went to one's heart to see him.
If you have a mind that we two should go back and look for him, let me put up this sheass at my house and I'll be back at once.' 'You will be doing me a great kindness,' said the owner of the ass, 'and I'll try to pay it back in the same coin.' It is with all these circumstances, and in the very same way I am telling it now, that those who know all about the matter tell the story.
Seeing, then, that there was no sign of him, the regidor who had seen him said to the other, 'Look here, gossip a plan has occurred to me, by which, beyond a doubt, we shall manage to discover the animal, even if he is stowed away in the bowels of the earth, not to say the forest.
In this way, doubling the brays at every step, they made the complete circuit of the forest, but the lost ass never gave them an answer or even the sign of one. How could the poor illstarred brute have answered, when, in the thickest part of the forest, they found him devoured by wolves?
The whole story came to be known and spread abroad through the villages of the neighbourhood and the devil, who never sleeps, with his love for sowing dissensions and scattering discord everywhere, blowing mischief about and making quarrels out of nothing, contrived to make the people of the other towns fall to braying whenever they saw anyone from our village, as if to throw the braying of our regidors in our teeth.
Then the boys took to it, which was the same thing for it as getting into the hands and mouths of all the devils of hell and braying spread from one town to another in such a way that the men of the braying town are as easy to be known as blacks are to be known from whites, and the unlucky joke has gone so far that several times the scoffed have come out in arms and in a body to do battle with the scoffers, and neither king nor rook, fear nor shame, can mend matters.
Tomorrow or the day after, I believe, the men of my town, that is, of the braying town, are going to take the field against another village two leagues away from ours, one of those that persecute us most and that we may turn out well prepared I have bought these lances and halberds you have seen.
These are the curious things I told you I had to tell, and if you don't think them so, I have got no others and with this the worthy fellow brought his story to a close. Just at this moment there came in at the gate of the inn a man entirely clad in chamois leather, hose, breeches, and doublet, who said in a loud voice, 'Seor host, have you room?
Here's the divining ape and the show of the Release of Melisendra just coming. 'Ods body! said the landlord, 'why, it's Master Pedro! We're in for a grand night! I forgot to mention that the said Master Pedro had his left eye and nearly half his cheek covered with a patch of green taffety, showing that something ailed all that side.
'Your worship is welcome, Master Pedro, continued the landlord 'but where are the ape and the show, for I don't see them? 'They are close at hand, said he in the chamois leather, 'but I came on first to know if there was any room. 'I'd make the Duke of Alva himself clear out to make room for Master Pedro, said the landlord 'bring in the ape and the show there's company in the inn tonight that will pay to see that and the cleverness of the ape.
'So be it by all means, said the man with the patch 'I'll lower the price, and be well satisfied if I only pay my expenses and now I'll go back and hurry on the cart with the ape and the show and with this he went out of the inn.
He says a great deal more about things past than about things to come and though he does not always hit the truth in every case, most times he is not far wrong, so that he makes us fancy he has got the devil in him. He gets two reals for every question if the ape answers I mean if his master answers for him after he has whispered into his ear and so it is believed that this same Master Pedro is very rich.
He is a 'gallant man' as they say in Italy, and good company, and leads the finest life in the world talks more than six, drinks more than a dozen, and all by his tongue, and his ape, and his show. Master Pedro now came back, and in a cart followed the show and the apea big one, without a tail and with buttocks as bare as felt, but not viciouslooking.
See, here are my two reals, and he bade Sancho give them to Master Pedro but he answered for the ape and said, 'Seor, this animal does not give any answer or information touching things that are to come of things past he knows something, and more or less of things present.
'Gad, said Sancho, 'I would not give a farthing to be told what's past with me, for who knows that better than I do myself? And to pay for being told what I know would be mighty foolish. But as you know things present, here are my two reals, and tell me, most excellent sir ape, what is my wife Teresa Panza doing now, and what is she diverting herself with?
Don Quixote was thunderstruck, Sancho astounded, the cousin staggered, the page astonished, the man from the braying town agape, the landlord in perplexity, and, in short, everyone amazed at the words of the puppetshowman, who went on to say, 'And thou, worthy Sancho Panza, the best squire and squire to the best knight in the world!
Be of good cheer, for thy good wife Teresa is well, and she is at this moment hackling a pound of flax and more by token she has at her left hand a jug with a broken spout that holds a good drop of wine, with which she solaces herself at her work.
'She is a lucky one, and if it was not for her jealousy I would not change her for the giantess Andandona, who by my master's account was a very clever and worthy woman my Teresa is one of those that won't let themselves want for anything, though their heirs may have to pay for it.
'Now I declare, said Don Quixote, 'he who reads much and travels much sees and knows a great deal. I say so because what amount of persuasion could have persuaded me that there are apes in the world that can divine as I have seen now with my own eyes?
For I am that very Don Quixote of La Mancha this worthy animal refers to, though he has gone rather too far in my praise but whatever I may be, I thank heaven that it has endowed me with a tender and compassionate heart, always disposed to do good to all and harm to none.
To this Master Pedro, who had by this time risen from Don Quixote's feet, replied, 'I have already said that this little beast gives no answer as to the future but if he did, not having money would be of no consequence, for to oblige Seor Don Quixote, here present, I would give up all the profits in the world.
And now, because I have promised it, and to afford him pleasure, I will set up my show and offer entertainment to all who are in the inn, without any charge whatever. As soon as he heard this, the landlord, delighted beyond measure, pointed out a place where the show might be fixed, which was done at once.
Don Quixote was not very well satisfied with the divinations of the ape, as he did not think it proper that an ape should divine anything, either past or future so while Master Pedro was arranging the show, he retired with Sancho into a corner of the stable, where, without being overheard by anyone, he said to him, 'Look here, Sancho, I have been seriously thinking over this ape's extraordinary gift, and have come to the conclusion that beyond doubt this Master Pedro, his master, has a pact, tacit or express, with the devil.
To which seor astrologer, after having set up his figure, made answer that the bitch would be in pup, and would drop three pups, one green, another bright red, and the third particoloured, provided she conceived between eleven and twelve either of the day or night, and on a Monday or Saturday but as things turned out, two days after this the bitch died of a surfeit, and seor planetruler had the credit all over the place of being a most profound astrologer, as most of these planetrulers have.
'Still, said Sancho, 'I would be glad if your worship would make Master Pedro ask his ape whether what happened your worship in the cave of Montesinos is true for, begging your worship's pardon, I, for my part, take it to have been all flam and lies, or at any rate something you dreamt.
'That may be, replied Don Quixote 'however, I will do what you suggest though I have my own scruples about it. At this point Master Pedro came up in quest of Don Quixote, to tell him the show was now ready and to come and see it, for it was worth seeing.
Upon this Master Pedro, without answering, went back to fetch the ape, and, having placed it in front of Don Quixote and Sancho, said 'See here, seor ape, this gentleman wishes to know whether certain things which happened to him in the cave called the cave of Montesinos were false or true.
'Did I not say, seor, said Sancho, 'that I could not bring myself to believe that all your worship said about the adventures in the cave was true, or even the half of it? 'The course of events will tell, Sancho, replied Don Quixote 'time, that discloses all things, leaves nothing that it does not drag into the light of day, though it be buried in the bosom of the earth.
said Master Pedro 'this show of mine has sixty thousand novel things in it let me tell you, Seor Don Quixote, it is one of the bestworthseeing things in the world this day but operibus credite et non verbis, and now let's get to work, for it is growing late, and we have a great deal to do and to say and show.
When they came to it Master Pedro ensconced himself inside it, for it was he who had to work the puppets, and a boy, a servant of his, posted himself outside to act as showman and explain the mysteries of the exhibition, having a wand in his hand to point to the figures as they came out.
And so, all who were in the inn being arranged in front of the show, some of them standing, and Don Quixote, Sancho, the page, and cousin, accommodated with the best places, the interpreter began to say what he will hear or see who reads or hears the next chapter.
The noise was soon over, and then the boy lifted up his voice and said, 'This true story which is here represented to your worships is taken word for word from the French chronicles and from the Spanish ballads that are in everybody's mouth, and in the mouth of the boys about the streets.
Its subject is the release by Seor Don Gaiferos of his wife Melisendra, when a captive in Spain at the hands of the Moors in the city of Sansuea, for so they called then what is now called Saragossa and there you may see how Don Gaiferos is playing at the tables, just as they sing it At tables playing Don Gaiferos sits, For Melisendra is forgotten now.
Now let your worships turn your eyes to that tower that appears there, which is supposed to be one of the towers of the alcazar of Saragossa, now called the Aljaferia that lady who appears on that balcony dressed in Moorish fashion is the peerless Melisendra, for many a time she used to gaze from thence upon the road to France, and seek consolation in her captivity by thinking of Paris and her husband.
Observe, too, a new incident which now occurs, such as, perhaps, never was seen. Do you not see that Moor, who silently and stealthily, with his finger on his lip, approaches Melisendra from behind? Observe now how he prints a kiss upon her lips, and what a hurry she is in to spit, and wipe them with the white sleeve of her smock, and how she bewails herself, and tears her fair hair as though it were to blame for the wrong.
Observe, too, that the stately Moor who is in that corridor is King Marsilio of Sansuea, who, having seen the Moor's insolence, at once orders him (though his kinsman and a great favourite of his) to be seized and given two hundred lashes, while carried through the streets of the city according to custom, with criers going before him and officers of justice behind and here you see them come out to execute the sentence, although the offence has been scarcely committed for among the Moors there are no indictments nor remands as with us.
Here Don Quixote called out, 'Child, child, go straight on with your story, and don't run into curves and slants, for to establish a fact clearly there is need of a great deal of proof and confirmation and said Master Pedro from within, 'Boy, stick to your text and do as the gentleman bids you it's the best plan keep to your plain song, and don't attempt harmonies, for they are apt to break down from being over fine.
'I will, said the boy, and he went on to say, 'This figure that you see here on horseback, covered with a Gascon cloak, is Don Gaiferos himself, whom his wife, now avenged of the insult of the amorous Moor, and taking her stand on the balcony of the tower with a calmer and more tranquil countenance, has perceived without recognising him and she addresses her husband, supposing him to be some traveller, and holds with him all that conversation and colloquy in the ballad that runs If you, sir knight, to France are bound, Oh!
for Gaiferos ask which I do not repeat here because prolixity begets disgust suffice it to observe how Don Gaiferos discovers himself, and that by her joyful gestures Melisendra shows us she has recognised him and what is more, we now see she lowers herself from the balcony to place herself on the haunches of her good husband's horse.
But you see how compassionate heaven sends aid in our sorest need Don Gaiferos advances, and without minding whether the rich petticoat is torn or not, he seizes her and by force brings her to the ground, and then with one jerk places her on the haunches of his horse, astraddle like a man, and bids her hold on tight and clasp her arms round his neck, crossing them on his breast so as not to fall, for the lady Melisendra was not used to that style of riding.
You see, too, how the neighing of the horse shows his satisfaction with the gallant and beautiful burden he bears in his lord and lady. You see how they wheel round and quit the city, and in joy and gladness take the road to Paris. Go in peace, O peerless pair of true lovers!
May you reach your longedfor fatherland in safety, and may fortune interpose no impediment to your prosperous journey may the eyes of your friends and kinsmen behold you enjoying in peace and tranquillity the remaining days of your lifeand that they may be as many as those of Nestor! Here Master Pedro called out again and said, 'Simplicity, boy!
The interpreter made no answer, but went on to say, 'There was no want of idle eyes, that see everything, to see Melisendra come down and mount, and word was brought to King Marsilio, who at once gave orders to sound the alarm and see what a stir there is, and how the city is drowned with the sound of the bells pealing in the towers of all the mosques.
'Nay, nay, said Don Quixote at this 'on that point of the bells Master Pedro is very inaccurate, for bells are not in use among the Moors only kettledrums, and a kind of small trumpet somewhat like our clarion to ring bells this way in Sansuea is unquestionably a great absurdity.
On hearing this, Master Pedro stopped ringing, and said, 'Don't look into trifles, Seor Don Quixote, or want to have things up to a pitch of perfection that is out of reach. Are there not almost every day a thousand comedies represented all round us full of thousands of inaccuracies and absurdities, and, for all that, they have a successful run, and are listened to not only with applause, but with admiration and all the rest of it?
'True enough, said Don Quixote and the boy went on 'See what a numerous and glittering crowd of horsemen issues from the city in pursuit of the two faithful lovers, what a blowing of trumpets there is, what sounding of horns, what beating of drums and tabors I fear me they will overtake them and bring them back tied to the tail of their own horse, which would be a dreadful sight.
Don Quixote, however, seeing such a swarm of Moors and hearing such a din, thought it would be right to aid the fugitives, and standing up he exclaimed in a loud voice, 'Never, while I live, will I permit foul play to be practised in my presence on such a famous knight and fearless lover as Don Gaiferos.
and suiting the action to the word, he drew his sword, and with one bound placed himself close to the show, and with unexampled rapidity and fury began to shower down blows on the puppet troop of Moors, knocking over some, decapitating others, maiming this one and demolishing that and among many more he delivered one down stroke which, if Master Pedro had not ducked, made himself small, and got out of the way, would have sliced off his head as easily as if it had been made of almondpaste.
But in spite of this, Don Quixote did not leave off discharging a continuous rain of cuts, slashes, downstrokes, and backstrokes, and at length, in less than the space of two credos, he brought the whole show to the ground, with all its fittings and figures shivered and knocked to pieces, King Marsilio badly wounded, and the Emperor Charlemagne with his crown and head split in two.
The complete destruction of the show being thus accomplished, Don Quixote became a little calmer, said, 'I wish I had here before me now all those who do not or will not believe how useful knightserrant are in the world just think, if I had not been here present, what would have become of the brave Don Gaiferos and the fair Melisendra!
Depend upon it, by this time those dogs would have overtaken them and inflicted some outrage upon them. So, then, long live knighterrantry beyond everything living on earth this day! 'Let it live, and welcome, said Master Pedro at this in a feeble voice, 'and let me die, for I am so unfortunate that I can say with King Don Rodrigo Yesterday was I lord of Spain Today I've not a turret left That I may call mine own.
Sancho Panza was touched by Master Pedro's words, and said to him, 'Don't weep and lament, Master Pedro you break my heart let me tell you my master, Don Quixote, is so catholic and scrupulous a Christian that, if he can make out that he has done you any wrong, he will own it, and be willing to pay for it and make it good, and something over and above.
'Only let Seor Don Quixote pay me for some part of the work he has destroyed, said Master Pedro, 'and I would be content, and his worship would ease his conscience, for he cannot be saved who keeps what is another's against the owner's will, and makes no restitution. 'That is true, said Don Quixote 'but at present I am not aware that I have got anything of yours, Master Pedro.
'What! returned Master Pedro 'and these relics lying here on the bare hard groundwhat scattered and shattered them but the invincible strength of that mighty arm? And whose were the bodies they belonged to but mine? And what did I get my living by but by them? 'Now am I fully convinced, said Don Quixote, 'of what I had many a time before believed that the enchanters who persecute me do nothing more than put figures like these before my eyes, and then change and turn them into what they please.
In truth and earnest, I assure you gentlemen who now hear me, that to me everything that has taken place here seemed to take place literally, that Melisendra was Melisendra, Don Gaiferos Don Gaiferos, Marsilio Marsilio, and Charlemagne Charlemagne. That was why my anger was roused and to be faithful to my calling as a knighterrant I sought to give aid and protection to those who fled, and with this good intention I did what you have seen.
If the result has been the opposite of what I intended, it is no fault of mine, but of those wicked beings that persecute me but, for all that, I am willing to condemn myself in costs for this error of mine, though it did not proceed from malice let Master Pedro see what he wants for the spoiled figures, for I agree to pay it at once in good and current money of Castile.
Master Pedro made him a bow, saying, 'I expected no less of the rare Christianity of the valiant Don Quixote of La Mancha, true helper and protector of all destitute and needy vagabonds master landlord here and the great Sancho Panza shall be the arbitrators and appraisers between your worship and me of what these dilapidated figures are worth or may be worth.
The landlord and Sancho consented, and then Master Pedro picked up from the ground King Marsilio of Saragossa with his head off, and said, 'Here you see how impossible it is to restore this king to his former state, so I think, saving your better judgments, that for his death, decease, and demise, four reals and a half may be given me.
'Proceed, said Don Quixote. 'Well then, for this cleavage from top to bottom, continued Master Pedro, taking up the split Emperor Charlemagne, 'it would not be much if I were to ask five reals and a quarter. 'It's not little, said Sancho. 'Nor is it much, said the landlord 'make it even, and say five reals.
'Let him have the whole five and a quarter, said Don Quixote 'for the sum total of this notable disaster does not stand on a quarter more or less and make an end of it quickly, Master Pedro, for it's getting on to suppertime, and I have some hints of hunger.
'The very devil must be in it, said Don Quixote, 'if Melisendra and her husband are not by this time at least on the French border, for the horse they rode on seemed to me to fly rather than gallop so you needn't try to sell me the cat for the hare, showing me here a noseless Melisendra when she is now, may be, enjoying herself at her ease with her husband in France.
Master Pedro, perceiving that Don Quixote was beginning to wander, and return to his original fancy, was not disposed to let him escape, so he said to him, 'This cannot be Melisendra, but must be one of the damsels that waited on her so if I'm given sixty maravedis for her, I'll be content and sufficiently paid.
And so he went on, putting values on ever so many more smashed figures, which, after the two arbitrators had adjusted them to the satisfaction of both parties, came to forty reals and threequarters and over and above this sum, which Sancho at once disbursed, Master Pedro asked for two reals for his trouble in catching the ape.
'Let him have them, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'not to catch the ape, but to get drunk and two hundred would I give this minute for the good news, to anyone who could tell me positively, that the lady Doa Melisandra and Seor Don Gaiferos were now in France and with their own people.
'No one could tell us that better than my ape, said Master Pedro 'but there's no devil that could catch him now I suspect, however, that affection and hunger will drive him to come looking for me tonight but tomorrow will soon be here and we shall see. In short, the puppetshow storm passed off, and all supped in peace and good fellowship at Don Quixote's expense, for he was the height of generosity.
Before it was daylight the man with the lances and halberds took his departure, and soon after daybreak the cousin and the page came to bid Don Quixote farewell, the former returning home, the latter resuming his journey, towards which, to help him, Don Quixote gave him twelve reals. Master Pedro did not care to engage in any more palaver with Don Quixote, whom he knew right well so he rose before the sun, and having got together the remains of his show and caught his ape, he too went off to seek his adventures.
To conclude, Sancho, by his master's orders, paid him very liberally, and taking leave of him they quitted the inn at about eight in the morning and took to the road, where we will leave them to pursue their journey, for this is necessary in order to allow certain other matters to be set forth, which are required to clear up this famous history.
He says, then, that he who has read the First Part of this history will remember well enough the Gines de Pasamonte whom, with other galley slaves, Don Quixote set free in the Sierra Morena a kindness for which he afterwards got poor thanks and worse payment from that evilminded, illconditioned set.
This Gines de PasamonteDon Ginesillo de Parapilla, Don Quixote called himit was that stole Dapple from Sancho Panza which, because by the fault of the printers neither the how nor the when was stated in the First Part, has been a puzzle to a good many people, who attribute to the bad memory of the author what was the error of the press.
This Gines, then, afraid of being caught by the officers of justice, who were looking for him to punish him for his numberless rascalities and offences (which were so many and so great that he himself wrote a big book giving an account of them), resolved to shift his quarters into the kingdom of Aragon, and cover up his left eye, and take up the trade of a puppetshowman for this, as well as juggling, he knew how to practise to perfection.
Thus prepared, before entering any village whither he was bound with his show and his ape, he used to inform himself at the nearest village, or from the most likely person he could find, as to what particular things had happened there, and to whom and bearing them well in mind, the first thing he did was to exhibit his show, sometimes one story, sometimes another, but all lively, amusing, and familiar.
For each question answered he asked two reals, and for some he made a reduction, just as he happened to feel the pulse of the questioners and when now and then he came to houses where things that he knew of had happened to the people living there, even if they did not ask him a question, not caring to pay for it, he would make the sign to the ape and then declare that it had said so and so, which fitted the case exactly.
In this way he acquired a prodigious name and all ran after him on other occasions, being very crafty, he would answer in such a way that the answers suited the questions and as no one crossquestioned him or pressed him to tell how his ape divined, he made fools of them all and filled his pouch.
The instant he entered the inn he knew Don Quixote and Sancho, and with that knowledge it was easy for him to astonish them and all who were there but it would have cost him dear had Don Quixote brought down his hand a little lower when he cut off King Marsilio's head and destroyed all his horsemen, as related in the preceeding chapter.
So much for Master Pedro and his ape and now to return to Don Quixote of La Mancha. After he had left the inn he determined to visit, first of all, the banks of the Ebro and that neighbourhood, before entering the city of Saragossa, for the ample time there was still to spare before the jousts left him enough for all.
With this object in view he followed the road and travelled along it for two days, without meeting any adventure worth committing to writing until on the third day, as he was ascending a hill, he heard a great noise of drums, trumpets, and musketshots. At first he imagined some regiment of soldiers was passing that way, and to see them he spurred Rocinante and mounted the hill.
He descended the slope and approached the band near enough to see distinctly the flags, make out the colours and distinguish the devices they bore, especially one on a standard or ensign of white satin, on which there was painted in a very lifelike style an ass like a little sard, with its head up, its mouth open and its tongue out, as if it were in the act and attitude of braying and round it were inscribed in large characters these two lines They did not bray in vain, Our alcaldes twain.
From this device Don Quixote concluded that these people must be from the braying town, and he said so to Sancho, explaining to him what was written on the standard. At the same time be observed that the man who had told them about the matter was wrong in saying that the two who brayed were regidors, for according to the lines of the standard they were alcaldes.
To which Sancho replied, 'Seor, there's nothing to stick at in that, for maybe the regidors who brayed then came to be alcaldes of their town afterwards, and so they may go by both titles moreover, it has nothing to do with the truth of the story whether the brayers were alcaldes or regidors, provided at any rate they did bray for an alcalde is just as likely to bray as a regidor.
They perceived, in short, clearly that the town which had been twitted had turned out to do battle with some other that had jeered it more than was fair or neighbourly. Don Quixote proceeded to join them, not a little to Sancho's uneasiness, for he never relished mixing himself up in expeditions of that sort.
Don Quixote, putting up his visor, advanced with an easy bearing and demeanour to the standard with the ass, and all the chief men of the army gathered round him to look at him, staring at him with the usual amazement that everybody felt on seeing him for the first time.
Don Quixote, seeing them examining him so attentively, and that none of them spoke to him or put any question to him, determined to take advantage of their silence so, breaking his own, he lifted up his voice and said, 'Worthy sirs, I entreat you as earnestly as I can not to interrupt an argument I wish to address to you, until you find it displeases or wearies you and if that come to pass, on the slightest hint you give me I will put a seal upon my lips and a gag upon my tongue.
They all bade him say what he liked, for they would listen to him willingly. With this permission Don Quixote went on to say, 'I, sirs, am a knighterrant whose calling is that of arms, and whose profession is to protect those who require protection, and give help to such as stand in need of it.
Some days ago I became acquainted with your misfortune and the cause which impels you to take up arms again and again to revenge yourselves upon your enemies and having many times thought over your business in my mind, I find that, according to the laws of combat, you are mistaken in holding yourselves insulted for a private individual cannot insult an entire community unless it be by defying it collectively as a traitor, because he cannot tell who in particular is guilty of the treason for which he defies it.
A fine thing it would be if the people of the clock town were to be at loggerheads every moment with everyone who called them by that name,or the Cazoleros, Berengeneros, Ballenatos, Jaboneros, or the bearers of all the other names and titles that are always in the mouth of the boys and common people!
It would be a nice business indeed if all these illustrious cities were to take huff and revenge themselves and go about perpetually making trombones of their swords in every petty quarrel! No, no God forbid! There are four things for which sensible men and wellordered States ought to take up arms, draw their swords, and risk their persons, lives, and properties.
The first is to defend the Catholic faith the second, to defend one's life, which is in accordance with natural and divine law the third, in defence of one's honour, family, and property the fourth, in the service of one's king in a just war and if to these we choose to add a fifth (which may be included in the second), in defence of one's country.
To these five, as it were capital causes, there may be added some others that may be just and reasonable, and make it a duty to take up arms but to take them up for trifles and things to laugh at and be amused by rather than offended, looks as though he who did so was altogether wanting in common sense.
One of those, however, that stood near him, fancying he was mocking them, lifted up a long staff he had in his hand and smote him such a blow with it that Sancho dropped helpless to the ground. Don Quixote, seeing him so roughly handled, attacked the man who had struck him lance in hand, but so many thrust themselves between them that he could not avenge him.
Far from it, finding a shower of stones rained upon him, and crossbows and muskets unnumbered levelled at him, he wheeled Rocinante round and, as fast as his best gallop could take him, fled from the midst of them, commending himself to God with all his heart to deliver him out of this peril, in dread every step of some ball coming in at his back and coming out at his breast, and every minute drawing his breath to see whether it had gone from him.
The members of the band, however, were satisfied with seeing him take to flight, and did not fire on him. They put up Sancho, scarcely restored to his senses, on his ass, and let him go after his master not that he was sufficiently in his wits to guide the beast, but Dapple followed the footsteps of Rocinante, from whom he could not remain a moment separated.
Don Quixote having got some way off looked back, and seeing Sancho coming, waited for him, as he perceived that no one followed him. The men of the troop stood their ground till night, and as the enemy did not come out to battle, they returned to their town exulting and had they been aware of the ancient custom of the Greeks, they would have erected a trophy on the spot.
This proved to be the case with Don Quixote, who, giving way before the fury of the townsfolk and the hostile intentions of the angry troop, took to flight and, without a thought of Sancho or the danger in which he was leaving him, retreated to such a distance as he thought made him safe.
Sancho, lying across his ass, followed him, as has been said, and at length came up, having by this time recovered his senses, and on joining him let himself drop off Dapple at Rocinante's feet, sore, bruised, and belaboured. Don Quixote dismounted to examine his wounds, but finding him whole from head to foot, he said to him, angrily enough, 'In an evil hour didst thou take to braying, Sancho!
Where hast thou learned that it is well done to mention the rope in the house of the man that has been hanged? To the music of brays what harmonies couldst thou expect to get but cudgels? Give thanks to God, Sancho, that they signed the cross on thee just now with a stick, and did not mark thee per signum crucis with a cutlass.
'I'm not equal to answering, said Sancho, 'for I feel as if I was speaking through my shoulders let us mount and get away from this I'll keep from braying, but not from saying that knightserrant fly and leave their good squires to be pounded like privet, or made meal of at the hands of their enemies.
Every now and then Sancho gave vent to deep sighs and dismal groans, and on Don Quixote asking him what caused such acute suffering, he replied that, from the end of his backbone up to the nape of his neck, he was so sore that it nearly drove him out of his senses.
'The cause of that soreness, said Don Quixote, 'will be, no doubt, that the staff wherewith they smote thee being a very long one, it caught thee all down the back, where all the parts that are sore are situated, and had it reached any further thou wouldst be sorer still.
'By God, said Sancho, 'your worship has relieved me of a great doubt, and cleared up the point for me in elegant style! Body o' me! is the cause of my soreness such a mystery that there's any need to tell me I am sore everywhere the staff hit me?
By my faith, master mine, the ills of others hang by a hair every day I am discovering more and more how little I have to hope for from keeping company with your worship for if this time you have allowed me to be drubbed, the next time, or a hundred times more, we'll have the blanketings of the other day over again, and all the other pranks which, if they have fallen on my shoulders now, will be thrown in my teeth byandby.
I would do a great deal better (if I was not an ignorant brute that will never do any good all my life), I would do a great deal better, I say, to go home to my wife and children and support them and bring them up on what God may please to give me, instead of following your worship along roads that lead nowhere and paths that are none at all, with little to drink and less to eat.
And then when it comes to sleeping! Measure out seven feet on the earth, brother squire, and if that's not enough for you, take as many more, for you may have it all your own way and stretch yourself to your heart's content. Oh that I could see burnt and turned to ashes the first man that meddled with knighterrantry or at any rate the first who chose to be squire to such fools as all the knightserrant of past times must have been!
Of those of the present day I say nothing, because, as your worship is one of them, I respect them, and because I know your worship knows a point more than the devil in all you say and think. 'I would lay a good wager with you, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'that now that you are talking on without anyone to stop you, you don't feel a pain in your whole body.
Talk away, my son, say whatever comes into your head or mouth, for so long as you feel no pain, the irritation your impertinences give me will be a pleasure to me and if you are so anxious to go home to your wife and children, God forbid that I should prevent you you have money of mine see how long it is since we left our village this third time, and how much you can and ought to earn every month, and pay yourself out of your own hand.
'I think, said Sancho, 'that if your worship was to add on two reals a month I'd consider myself well paid that is, as far as the wages of my labour go but to make up to me for your worship's pledge and promise to me to give me the government of an island, it would be fair to add six reals more, making thirty in all.
'Very good, said Don Quixote 'it is twentyfive days since we left our village, so reckon up, Sancho, according to the wages you have made out for yourself, and see how much I owe you in proportion, and pay yourself, as I said before, out of your own hand. 'O body o' me!
said Sancho, 'but your worship is very much out in that reckoning for when it comes to the promise of the island we must count from the day your worship promised it to me to this present hour we are at now. 'Well, how long is it, Sancho, since I promised it to you?
Don Quixote gave himself a great slap on the forehead and began to laugh heartily, and said he, 'Why, I have not been wandering, either in the Sierra Morena or in the whole course of our sallies, but barely two months, and thou sayest, Sancho, that it is twenty years since I promised thee the island.
I believe now thou wouldst have all the money thou hast of mine go in thy wages. If so, and if that be thy pleasure, I give it to thee now, once and for all, and much good may it do thee, for so long as I see myself rid of such a goodfornothing squire I'll be glad to be left a pauper without a rap.
Plunge, scoundrel, rogue, monsterfor such I take thee to beplunge, I say, into the mare magnum of their histories and if thou shalt find that any squire ever said or thought what thou hast said now, I will let thee nail it on my forehead, and give me, over and above, four sound slaps in the face.
Turn the rein, or the halter, of thy Dapple, and begone home for one single step further thou shalt not make in my company. O bread thanklessly received! O promises illbestowed! O man more beast than human being! Now, when I was about to raise thee to such a position, that, in spite of thy wife, they would call thee 'my lord,' thou art leaving me?
Thou art going now when I had a firm and fixed intention of making thee lord of the best island in the world? Well, as thou thyself hast said before now, honey is not for the mouth of the ass. Ass thou art, ass thou wilt be, and ass thou wilt end when the course of thy life is run for I know it will come to its close before thou dost perceive or discern that thou art a beast.
Sancho regarded Don Quixote earnestly while he was giving him this rating, and was so touched by remorse that the tears came to his eyes, and in a piteous and broken voice he said to him, 'Master mine, I confess that, to be a complete ass, all I want is a tail if your worship will only fix one on to me, I'll look on it as rightly placed, and I'll serve you as an ass all the remaining days of my life.
Forgive me and have pity on my folly, and remember I know but little, and, if I talk much, it's more from infirmity than malice but he who sins and mends commends himself to God. 'I should have been surprised, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'if thou hadst not introduced some bit of a proverb into thy speech.
Well, well, I forgive thee, provided thou dost mend and not show thyself in future so fond of thine own interest, but try to be of good cheer and take heart, and encourage thyself to look forward to the fulfillment of my promises, which, by being delayed, does not become impossible.
Sancho said he would do so, and keep up his heart as best he could. They then entered the grove, and Don Quixote settled himself at the foot of an elm, and Sancho at that of a beech, for trees of this kind and others like them always have feet but no hands.
Sancho passed the night in pain, for with the evening dews the blow of the staff made itself felt all the more. Don Quixote passed it in his neverfailing meditations but, for all that, they had some winks of sleep, and with the appearance of daylight they pursued their journey in quest of the banks of the famous Ebro, where that befell them which will be told in the following chapter.
By stages as already described or left undescribed, two days after quitting the grove Don Quixote and Sancho reached the river Ebro, and the sight of it was a great delight to Don Quixote as he contemplated and gazed upon the charms of its banks, the clearness of its stream, the gentleness of its current and the abundance of its crystal waters and the pleasant view revived a thousand tender thoughts in his mind.
Above all, he dwelt upon what he had seen in the cave of Montesinos for though Master Pedro's ape had told him that of those things part was true, part false, he clung more to their truth than to their falsehood, the very reverse of Sancho, who held them all to be downright lies.
As they were thus proceeding, then, they discovered a small boat, without oars or any other gear, that lay at the water's edge tied to the stem of a tree growing on the bank. Don Quixote looked all round, and seeing nobody, at once, without more ado, dismounted from Rocinante and bade Sancho get down from Dapple and tie both beasts securely to the trunk of a poplar or willow that stood there.
Don Quixote made answer, 'Thou must know, Sancho, that this bark is plainly, and without the possibility of any alternative, calling and inviting me to enter it, and in it go to give aid to some knight or other person of distinction in need of it, who is no doubt in some sore strait for this is the way of the books of chivalry and of the enchanters who figure and speak in them.
'As that's the case, said Sancho, 'and your worship chooses to give in to theseI don't know if I may call them absurditiesat every turn, there's nothing for it but to obey and bow the head, bearing in mind the proverb, 'Do as thy master bids thee, and sit down to table with him' but for all that, for the sake of easing my conscience, I warn your worship that it is my opinion this bark is no enchanted one, but belongs to some of the fishermen of the river, for they catch the best shad in the world here.
As Sancho said this, he tied the beasts, leaving them to the care and protection of the enchanters with sorrow enough in his heart. Don Quixote bade him not be uneasy about deserting the animals, 'for he who would carry themselves over such longinquous roads and regions would take care to feed them.
'I don't understand that logiquous, said Sancho, 'nor have I ever heard the word all the days of my life. 'Longinquous, replied Don Quixote, 'means far off but it is no wonder thou dost not understand it, for thou art not bound to know Latin, like some who pretend to know it and don't.
But when Sancho saw himself somewhere about two yards out in the river, he began to tremble and give himself up for lost but nothing distressed him more than hearing Dapple bray and seeing Rocinante struggling to get loose, and said he to his master, 'Dapple is braying in grief at our leaving him, and Rocinante is trying to escape and plunge in after us.
O dear friends, peace be with you, and may this madness that is taking us away from you, turned into sober sense, bring us back to you. And with this he fell weeping so bitterly, that Don Quixote said to him, sharply and angrily, 'What art thou afraid of, cowardly creature?
What art thou weeping at, heart of butterpaste? Who pursues or molests thee, thou soul of a tame mouse? What dost thou want, unsatisfied in the very heart of abundance? Art thou, perchance, tramping barefoot over the Riphaean mountains, instead of being seated on a bench like an archduke on the tranquil stream of this pleasant river, from which in a short space we shall come out upon the broad sea?
But we must have already emerged and gone seven hundred or eight hundred leagues and if I had here an astrolabe to take the altitude of the pole, I could tell thee how many we have travelled, though either I know little, or we have already crossed or shall shortly cross the equinoctial line which parts the two opposite poles midway.
'And when we come to that line your worship speaks of, said Sancho, 'how far shall we have gone? 'Very far, said Don Quixote, 'for of the three hundred and sixty degrees that this terraqueous globe contains, as computed by Ptolemy, the greatest cosmographer known, we shall have travelled onehalf when we come to the line I spoke of.
'I don't believe a bit of it, said Sancho 'still, I'll do as your worship bids me though I don't know what need there is for trying these experiments, for I can see with my own eyes that we have not moved five yards away from the bank, or shifted two yards from where the animals stand, for there are Rocinante and Dapple in the very same place where we left them and watching a point, as I do now, I swear by all that's good, we are not stirring or moving at the pace of an ant.
'Try the test I told thee of, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'and don't mind any other, for thou knowest nothing about colures, lines, parallels, zodiacs, ecliptics, poles, solstices, equinoxes, planets, signs, bearings, the measures of which the celestial and terrestrial spheres are composed if thou wert acquainted with all these things, or any portion of them, thou wouldst see clearly how many parallels we have cut, what signs we have seen, and what constellations we have left behind and are now leaving behind.
But again I tell thee, feel and hunt, for I am certain thou art cleaner than a sheet of smooth white paper. Sancho felt, and passing his hand gently and carefully down to the hollow of his left knee, he looked up at his master and said, 'Either the test is a false one, or we have not come to where your worship says, nor within many leagues of it.
'Why, how so? asked Don Quixote 'hast thou come upon aught? 'Ay, and aughts, replied Sancho and shaking his fingers he washed his whole hand in the river along which the boat was quietly gliding in midstream, not moved by any occult intelligence or invisible enchanter, but simply by the current, just there smooth and gentle.
They now came in sight of some large water mills that stood in the middle of the river, and the instant Don Quixote saw them he cried out, 'Seest thou there, my friend? there stands the castle or fortress, where there is, no doubt, some knight in durance, or illused queen, or infanta, or princess, in whose aid I am brought hither.
'Hold thy peace, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'though they look like mills they are not so I have already told thee that enchantments transform things and change their proper shapes I do not mean to say they really change them from one form into another, but that it seems as though they did, as experience proved in the transformation of Dulcinea, sole refuge of my hopes.
The millers belonging to the mills, when they saw the boat coming down the river, and on the point of being sucked in by the draught of the wheels, ran out in haste, several of them, with long poles to stop it, and being all mealy, with faces and garments covered with flour, they presented a sinister appearance.
They raised loud shouts, crying, 'Devils of men, where are you going to? Are you mad? Do you want to drown yourselves, or dash yourselves to pieces among these wheels? 'Did I not tell thee, Sancho, said Don Quixote at this, 'that we had reached the place where I am to show what the might of my arm can do?
The fishermen, the owners of the boat, which the millwheels had knocked to pieces, now came up, and seeing it smashed they proceeded to strip Sancho and to demand payment for it from Don Quixote but he with great calmness, just as if nothing had happened him, told the millers and fishermen that he would pay for the bark most cheerfully, on condition that they delivered up to him, free and unhurt, the person or persons that were in durance in that castle of theirs.
'What persons or what castle art thou talking of, madman? Art thou for carrying off the people who come to grind corn in these mills? 'That's enough, said Don Quixote to himself, 'it would be preaching in the desert to attempt by entreaties to induce this rabble to do any virtuous action.
In this adventure two mighty enchanters must have encountered one another, and one frustrates what the other attempts one provided the bark for me, and the other upset me God help us, this world is all machinations and schemes at cross purposes one with the other. I can do no more.
And then turning towards the mills he said aloud, 'Friends, whoe'er ye be that are immured in that prison, forgive me that, to my misfortune and yours, I cannot deliver you from your misery this adventure is doubtless reserved and destined for some other knight. So saying he settled with the fishermen, and paid fifty reals for the boat, which Sancho handed to them very much against the grain, saying, 'With a couple more bark businesses like this we shall have sunk our whole capital.
The fishermen and the millers stood staring in amazement at the two figures, so very different to all appearance from ordinary men, and were wholly unable to make out the drift of the observations and questions Don Quixote addressed to them and coming to the conclusion that they were madmen, they left them and betook themselves, the millers to their mills, and the fishermen to their huts.
Don Quixote and Sancho returned to their beasts, and to their life of beasts, and so ended the adventure of the enchanted bark. They reached their beasts in low spirits and bad humour enough, knight and squire, Sancho particularly, for with him what touched the stock of money touched his heart, and when any was taken from him he felt as if he was robbed of the apples of his eyes.
In fine, without exchanging a word, they mounted and quitted the famous river, Don Quixote absorbed in thoughts of his love, Sancho in thinking of his advancement, which just then, it seemed to him, he was very far from securing for, fool as he was, he saw clearly enough that his master's acts were all or most of them utterly senseless and he began to cast about for an opportunity of retiring from his service and going home some day, without entering into any explanations or taking any farewell of him.
Fortune, however, ordered matters after a fashion very much the opposite of what he contemplated. It so happened that the next day towards sunset, on coming out of a wood, Don Quixote cast his eyes over a green meadow, and at the far end of it observed some people, and as he drew nearer saw that it was a hawking party.
'You've got a likely one here to thrust any in! said Sancho 'leave me alone for that! Why, this is not the first time in my life I have carried messages to high and exalted ladies. 'Except that thou didst carry to the lady Dulcinea, said Don Quixote, 'I know not that thou hast carried any other, at least in my service.
'That is true, replied Sancho 'but pledges don't distress a good payer, and in a house where there's plenty supper is soon cooked I mean there's no need of telling or warning me about anything for I'm ready for everything and know a little of everything. 'That I believe, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'go and good luck to thee, and God speed thee.
Sancho went off at top speed, forcing Dapple out of his regular pace, and came to where the fair huntress was standing, and dismounting knelt before her and said, 'Fair lady, that knight that you see there, the Knight of the Lions by name, is my master, and I am a squire of his, and at home they call me Sancho Panza.
This same Knight of the Lions, who was called not long since the Knight of the Rueful Countenance, sends by me to say may it please your highness to give him leave that, with your permission, approbation, and consent, he may come and carry out his wishes, which are, as he says and I believe, to serve your exalted loftiness and beauty and if you give it, your ladyship will do a thing which will redound to your honour, and he will receive a most distinguished favour and happiness.
'You have indeed, squire, said the lady, 'delivered your message with all the formalities such messages require rise up, for it is not right that the squire of a knight so great as he of the Rueful Countenance, of whom we have heard a great deal here, should remain on his knees rise, my friend, and bid your master welcome to the services of myself and the duke my husband, in a country house we have here.
Sancho got up, charmed as much by the beauty of the good lady as by her highbred air and her courtesy, but, above all, by what she had said about having heard of his master, the Knight of the Rueful Countenance for if she did not call him Knight of the Lions it was no doubt because he had so lately taken the name.
'Tell me, brother squire, asked the duchess (whose title, however, is not known), 'this master of yours, is he not one of whom there is a history extant in print, called 'The Ingenious Gentleman, Don Quixote of La Mancha,' who has for the lady of his heart a certain Dulcinea del Toboso?
'He is the same, seora, replied Sancho 'and that squire of his who figures, or ought to figure, in the said history under the name of Sancho Panza, is myself, unless they have changed me in the cradle, I mean in the press. 'I am rejoiced at all this, said the duchess 'go, brother Panza, and tell your master that he is welcome to my estate, and that nothing could happen to me that could give me greater pleasure.
Don Quixote now came up with his visor raised, and as he seemed about to dismount Sancho made haste to go and hold his stirrup for him but in getting down off Dapple he was so unlucky as to hitch his foot in one of the ropes of the packsaddle in such a way that he was unable to free it, and was left hanging by it with his face and breast on the ground.
Don Quixote, who was not used to dismount without having the stirrup held, fancying that Sancho had by this time come to hold it for him, threw himself off with a lurch and brought Rocinante's saddle after him, which was no doubt badly girthed, and saddle and he both came to the ground not without discomfiture to him and abundant curses muttered between his teeth against the unlucky Sancho, who had his foot still in the shackles.
This, however, the duke would by no means permit on the contrary, dismounting from his horse, he went and embraced Don Quixote, saying, 'I am grieved, Sir Knight of the Rueful Countenance, that your first experience on my ground should have been such an unfortunate one as we have seen but the carelessness of squires is often the cause of worse accidents.
My squire, God's curse upon him, is better at unloosing his tongue in talking impertinence than in tightening the girths of a saddle to keep it steady but however I may be, fallen or raised up, on foot or on horseback, I shall always be at your service and that of my lady the duchess, your worthy consort, worthy queen of beauty and paramount princess of courtesy.
Don Quixote turned to the duchess and said, 'Your highness may conceive that never had knighterrant in this world a more talkative or a droller squire than I have, and he will prove the truth of what I say, if your highness is pleased to accept of my services for a few days.
To which the duchess made answer, 'that worthy Sancho is droll I consider a very good thing, because it is a sign that he is shrewd for drollery and sprightliness, Seor Don Quixote, as you very well know, do not take up their abode with dull wits and as good Sancho is droll and sprightly I here set him down as shrewd.
'So much the better, said the duke, 'for many droll things cannot be said in few words but not to lose time in talking, come, great Knight of the Rueful Countenance 'Of the Lions, your highness must say, said Sancho, 'for there is no Rueful Countenance nor any such character now.
'He of the Lions be it, continued the duke 'I say, let Sir Knight of the Lions come to a castle of mine close by, where he shall be given that reception which is due to so exalted a personage, and which the duchess and I are wont to give to all knightserrant who come there.
By this time Sancho had fixed and girthed Rocinante's saddle, and Don Quixote having got on his back and the duke mounted a fine horse, they placed the duchess in the middle and set out for the castle. The duchess desired Sancho to come to her side, for she found infinite enjoyment in listening to his shrewd remarks.
Supreme was the satisfaction that Sancho felt at seeing himself, as it seemed, an established favourite with the duchess, for he looked forward to finding in her castle what he had found in Don Diego's house and in Basilio's he was always fond of good living, and always seized by the forelock any opportunity of feasting himself whenever it presented itself.
The history informs us, then, that before they reached the country house or castle, the duke went on in advance and instructed all his servants how they were to treat Don Quixote and so the instant he came up to the castle gates with the duchess, two lackeys or equerries, clad in what they call morning gowns of fine crimson satin reaching to their feet, hastened out, and catching Don Quixote in their arms before he saw or heard them, said to him, 'Your highness should go and take my lady the duchess off her horse.
Don Quixote obeyed, and great bandying of compliments followed between the two over the matter but in the end the duchess's determination carried the day, and she refused to get down or dismount from her palfrey except in the arms of the duke, saying she did not consider herself worthy to impose so unnecessary a burden on so great a knight.
At length the duke came out to take her down, and as they entered a spacious court two fair damsels came forward and threw over Don Quixote's shoulders a large mantle of the finest scarlet cloth, and at the same instant all the galleries of the court were lined with the menservants and womenservants of the household, crying, 'Welcome, flower and cream of knighterrantry!
while all or most of them flung pellets filled with scented water over Don Quixote and the duke and duchess at all which Don Quixote was greatly astonished, and this was the first time that he thoroughly felt and believed himself to be a knighterrant in reality and not merely in fancy, now that he saw himself treated in the same way as he had read of such knights being treated in days of yore.
Sancho, deserting Dapple, hung on to the duchess and entered the castle, but feeling some twinges of conscience at having left the ass alone, he approached a respectable duenna who had come out with the rest to receive the duchess, and in a low voice he said to her, 'Seora Gonzalez, or however your grace may be called 'I am called Doa Rodriguez de Grijalba, replied the duenna 'what is your will, brother?
To which Sancho made answer, 'I should be glad if your worship would do me the favour to go out to the castle gate, where you will find a grey ass of mine make them, if you please, put him in the stable, or put him there yourself, for the poor little beast is rather easily frightened, and cannot bear being alone at all.
'If the master is as wise as the man, said the duenna, 'we have got a fine bargain. Be off with you, brother, and bad luck to you and him who brought you here go, look after your ass, for we, the duennas of this house, are not used to work of that sort.
'Well then, in troth, returned Sancho, 'I have heard my master, who is the very treasurefinder of stories, telling the story of Lancelot when he came from Britain, say that ladies waited upon him and duennas upon his hack and, if it comes to my ass, I wouldn't change him for Seor Lancelot's hack.
'If you are a jester, brother, said the duenna, 'keep your drolleries for some place where they'll pass muster and be paid for for you'll get nothing from me but a fig. 'At any rate, it will be a very ripe one, said Sancho, 'for you won't lose the trick in years by a point too little.
'Son of a bitch, said the duenna, all aglow with anger, 'whether I'm old or not, it's with God I have to reckon, not with you, you garlicstuffed scoundrel! and she said it so loud, that the duchess heard it, and turning round and seeing the duenna in such a state of excitement, and her eyes flaming so, asked whom she was wrangling with.
'With this good fellow here, said the duenna, 'who has particularly requested me to go and put an ass of his that is at the castle gate into the stable, holding it up to me as an example that they did the same I don't know wherethat some ladies waited on one Lancelot, and duennas on his hack and what is more, to wind up with, he called me old.
'That, said the duchess, 'I should have considered the greatest affront that could be offered me and addressing Sancho, she said to him, 'You must know, friend Sancho, that Doa Rodriguez is very youthful, and that she wears that hood more for authority and custom's sake than because of her years.
'May all the rest of mine be unlucky, said Sancho, 'if I meant it that way I only spoke because the affection I have for my ass is so great, and I thought I could not commend him to a more kindhearted person than the lady Doa Rodriguez. Don Quixote, who was listening, said to him, 'Is this proper conversation for the place, Sancho?
'Seor, replied Sancho, 'every one must mention what he wants wherever he may be I thought of Dapple here, and I spoke of him here if I had thought of him in the stable I would have spoken there. On which the duke observed, 'Sancho is quite right, and there is no reason at all to find fault with him Dapple shall be fed to his heart's content, and Sancho may rest easy, for he shall be treated like himself.
While this conversation, amusing to all except Don Quixote, was proceeding, they ascended the staircase and ushered Don Quixote into a chamber hung with rich cloth of gold and brocade six damsels relieved him of his armour and waited on him like pages, all of them prepared and instructed by the duke and duchess as to what they were to do, and how they were to treat Don Quixote, so that he might see and believe they were treating him like a knighterrant.
When his armour was removed, there stood Don Quixote in his tightfitting breeches and chamois doublet, lean, lanky, and long, with cheeks that seemed to be kissing each other inside such a figure, that if the damsels waiting on him had not taken care to check their merriment (which was one of the particular directions their master and mistress had given them), they would have burst with laughter.
However, he said they might give the shirt to Sancho and shutting himself in with him in a room where there was a sumptuous bed, he undressed and put on the shirt and then, finding himself alone with Sancho, he said to him, 'Tell me, thou newfledged buffoon and old booby, dost thou think it right to offend and insult a duenna so deserving of reverence and respect as that one just now?
Was that a time to bethink thee of thy Dapple, or are these noble personages likely to let the beasts fare badly when they treat their owners in such elegant style? For God's sake, Sancho, restrain thyself, and don't show the thread so as to let them see what a coarse, boorish texture thou art of.
Remember, sinner that thou art, the master is the more esteemed the more respectable and wellbred his servants are and that one of the greatest advantages that princes have over other men is that they have servants as good as themselves to wait on them. Dost thou not seeshortsighted being that thou art, and unlucky mortal that I am!that if they perceive thee to be a coarse clown or a dull blockhead, they will suspect me to be some impostor or swindler?
Nay, nay, Sancho friend, keep clear, oh, keep clear of these stumblingblocks for he who falls into the way of being a chatterbox and droll, drops into a wretched buffoon the first time he trips bridle thy tongue, consider and weigh thy words before they escape thy mouth, and bear in mind we are now in quarters whence, by God's help, and the strength of my arm, we shall come forth mightily advanced in fame and fortune.
Sancho promised him with much earnestness to keep his mouth shut, and to bite off his tongue before he uttered a word that was not altogether to the purpose and well considered, and told him he might make his mind easy on that point, for it should never be discovered through him what they were.
Don Quixote dressed himself, put on his baldric with his sword, threw the scarlet mantle over his shoulders, placed on his head a montera of green satin that the damsels had given him, and thus arrayed passed out into the large room, where he found the damsels drawn up in double file, the same number on each side, all with the appliances for washing the hands, which they presented to him with profuse obeisances and ceremonies.
Then came twelve pages, together with the seneschal, to lead him to dinner, as his hosts were already waiting for him. They placed him in the midst of them, and with much pomp and stateliness they conducted him into another room, where there was a sumptuous table laid with but four covers.
The duchess and the duke came out to the door of the room to receive him, and with them a grave ecclesiastic, one of those who rule noblemen's houses one of those who, not being born magnates themselves, never know how to teach those who are how to behave as such one of those who would have the greatness of great folk measured by their own narrowness of mind one of those who, when they try to introduce economy into the household they rule, lead it into meanness.
One of this sort, I say, must have been the grave churchman who came out with the duke and duchess to receive Don Quixote. A vast number of polite speeches were exchanged, and at length, taking Don Quixote between them, they proceeded to sit down to table. The duke pressed Don Quixote to take the head of the table, and, though he refused, the entreaties of the duke were so urgent that he had to accept it.
All this time Sancho stood by, gaping with amazement at the honour he saw shown to his master by these illustrious persons and observing all the ceremonious pressing that had passed between the duke and Don Quixote to induce him to take his seat at the head of the table, he said, 'If your worship will give me leave I will tell you a story of what happened in my village about this matter of seats.
The moment Sancho said this Don Quixote trembled, making sure that he was about to say something foolish. Sancho glanced at him, and guessing his thoughts, said, 'Don't be afraid of my going astray, seor, or saying anything that won't be pat to the purpose I haven't forgotten the advice your worship gave me just now about talking much or little, well or ill.
'I have no recollection of anything, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'say what thou wilt, only say it quickly. 'Well then, said Sancho, 'what I am going to say is so true that my master Don Quixote, who is here present, will keep me from lying. 'Lie as much as thou wilt for all I care, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'for I am not going to stop thee, but consider what thou art going to say.
'I have so considered and reconsidered, said Sancho, 'that the bellringer's in a safe berth as will be seen by what follows. 'It would be well, said Don Quixote, 'if your highnesses would order them to turn out this idiot, for he will talk a heap of nonsense. 'By the life of the duke, Sancho shall not be taken away from me for a moment, said the duchess 'I am very fond of him, for I know he is very discreet.
There was an invitation given by a gentleman of my town, a very rich one, and one of quality, for he was one of the Alamos of Medina del Campo, and married to Doa Mencia de Quiones, the daughter of Don Alonso de Maraon, Knight of the Order of Santiago, that was drowned at the Herradurahim there was that quarrel about years ago in our village, that my master Don Quixote was mixed up in, to the best of my belief, that Tomasillo the scapegrace, the son of Balbastro the smith, was wounded in.Isn't all this true, master mine?
As you live, say so, that these gentlefolk may not take me for some lying chatterer. 'So far, said the ecclesiastic, 'I take you to be more a chatterer than a liar but I don't know what I shall take you for byandby. 'Thou citest so many witnesses and proofs, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'that I have no choice but to say thou must be telling the truth go on, and cut the story short, for thou art taking the way not to make an end for two days to come.
'He is not to cut it short, said the duchess 'on the contrary, for my gratification, he is to tell it as he knows it, though he should not finish it these six days and if he took so many they would be to me the pleasantest I ever spent.
'Well then, sirs, I say, continued Sancho, 'that this same gentleman, whom I know as well as I do my own hands, for it's not a bowshot from my house to his, invited a poor but respectable labourer 'Get on, brother, said the churchman 'at the rate you are going you will not stop with your story short of the next world.
'I'll stop less than halfway, please God, said Sancho 'and so I say this labourer, coming to the house of the gentleman I spoke of that invited himrest his soul, he is now dead and more by token he died the death of an angel, so they say for I was not there, for just at that time I had gone to reap at Tembleque 'As you live, my son, said the churchman, 'make haste back from Tembleque, and finish your story without burying the gentleman, unless you want to make more funerals.
'Well then, it so happened, said Sancho, 'that as the pair of them were going to sit down to tableand I think I can see them now plainer than ever Great was the enjoyment the duke and duchess derived from the irritation the worthy churchman showed at the longwinded, halting way Sancho had of telling his story, while Don Quixote was chafing with rage and vexation.
The duke and duchess suppressed their laughter so as not altogether to mortify Don Quixote, for they saw through Sancho's impertinence and to change the conversation, and keep Sancho from uttering more absurdities, the duchess asked Don Quixote what news he had of the lady Dulcinea, and if he had sent her any presents of giants or miscreants lately, for he could not but have vanquished a good many.
To which Don Quixote replied, 'Seora, my misfortunes, though they had a beginning, will never have an end. I have vanquished giants and I have sent her caitiffs and miscreants but where are they to find her if she is enchanted and turned into the most illfavoured peasant wench that can be imagined?
'I don't know, said Sancho Panza 'to me she seems the fairest creature in the world at any rate, in nimbleness and jumping she won't give in to a tumbler by my faith, seora duchess, she leaps from the ground on to the back of an ass like a cat.
The ecclesiastic, when he heard them talking of giants and caitiffs and enchantments, began to suspect that this must be Don Quixote of La Mancha, whose story the duke was always reading and he had himself often reproved him for it, telling him it was foolish to read such fooleries and becoming convinced that his suspicion was correct, addressing the duke, he said very angrily to him, 'Seor, your excellence will have to give account to God for what this good man does.
This Don Quixote, or Don Simpleton, or whatever his name is, cannot, I imagine, be such a blockhead as your excellence would have him, holding out encouragement to him to go on with his vagaries and follies. Then turning to address Don Quixote he said, 'And you, numskull, who put it into your head that you are a knighterrant, and vanquish giants and capture miscreants?
Go your ways in a good hour, and in a good hour be it said to you. Go home and bring up your children if you have any, and attend to your business, and give over going wandering about the world, gaping and making a laughingstock of yourself to all who know you and all who don't.
Where, in heaven's name, have you discovered that there are or ever were knightserrant? Where are there giants in Spain or miscreants in La Mancha, or enchanted Dulcineas, or all the rest of the silly things they tell about you? Don Quixote listened attentively to the reverend gentleman's words, and as soon as he perceived he had done speaking, regardless of the presence of the duke and duchess, he sprang to his feet with angry looks and an agitated countenance, and saidBut the reply deserves a chapter to itself.
Pious, wellmeant reproof requires a different demeanour and arguments of another sort at any rate, to have reproved me in public, and so roughly, exceeds the bounds of proper reproof, for that comes better with gentleness than with rudeness and it is not seemly to call the sinner roundly blockhead and booby, without knowing anything of the sin that is reproved.
Is nothing more needed than to get a footing, by hook or by crook, in other people's houses to rule over the masters (and that, perhaps, after having been brought up in all the straitness of some seminary, and without having ever seen more of the world than may lie within twenty or thirty leagues round), to fit one to lay down the law rashly for chivalry, and pass judgment on knightserrant?
Is it, haply, an idle occupation, or is the time illspent that is spent in roaming the world in quest, not of its enjoyments, but of those arduous toils whereby the good mount upwards to the abodes of everlasting life? If gentlemen, great lords, nobles, men of high birth, were to rate me as a fool I should take it as an irreparable insult but I care not a farthing if clerks who have never entered upon or trod the paths of chivalry should think me foolish.
Some take the broad road of overweening ambition others that of mean and servile flattery others that of deceitful hypocrisy, and some that of true religion but I, led by my star, follow the narrow path of knighterrantry, and in pursuit of that calling I despise wealth, but not honour.
I have redressed injuries, righted wrongs, punished insolences, vanquished giants, and crushed monsters I am in love, for no other reason than that it is incumbent on knightserrant to be so but though I am, I am no carnalminded lover, but one of the chaste, platonic sort. My intentions are always directed to worthy ends, to do good to all and evil to none and if he who means this, does this, and makes this his practice deserves to be called a fool, it is for your highnesses to say, O most excellent duke and duchess.
cried Sancho 'say no more in your own defence, master mine, for there's nothing more in the world to be said, thought, or insisted on and besides, when this gentleman denies, as he has, that there are or ever have been any knightserrant in the world, is it any wonder if he knows nothing of what he has been talking about?
'No, Sancho my friend, certainly not, said the duke, 'for in the name of Seor Don Quixote I confer upon you the government of one of no small importance that I have at my disposal. 'Go down on thy knees, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'and kiss the feet of his excellence for the favour he has bestowed upon thee.
Sancho obeyed, and on seeing this the ecclesiastic stood up from table completely out of temper, exclaiming, 'By the gown I wear, I am almost inclined to say that your excellence is as great a fool as these sinners. No wonder they are mad, when people who are in their senses sanction their madness!
I leave your excellence with them, for so long as they are in the house, I will remain in my own, and spare myself the trouble of reproving what I cannot remedy and without uttering another word, or eating another morsel, he went off, the entreaties of the duke and duchess being entirely unavailing to stop him not that the duke said much to him, for he could not, because of the laughter his uncalledfor anger provoked.
When he had done laughing, he said to Don Quixote, 'You have replied on your own behalf so stoutly, Sir Knight of the Lions, that there is no occasion to seek further satisfaction for this, which, though it may look like an offence, is not so at all, for, as women can give no offence, no more can ecclesiastics, as you very well know.
Women, children, and ecclesiastics, as they cannot defend themselves, though they may receive offence cannot be insulted, because between the offence and the insult there is, as your excellence very well knows, this difference the insult comes from one who is capable of offering it, and does so, and maintains it the offence may come from any quarter without carrying insult.
To take an example a man is standing unsuspectingly in the street and ten others come up armed and beat him he draws his sword and quits himself like a man, but the number of his antagonists makes it impossible for him to effect his purpose and avenge himself this man suffers an offence but not an insult.
Another example will make the same thing plain a man is standing with his back turned, another comes up and strikes him, and after striking him takes to flight, without waiting an instant, and the other pursues him but does not overtake him he who received the blow received an offence, but not an insult, because an insult must be maintained.
If he who struck him, though he did so sneakingly and treacherously, had drawn his sword and stood and faced him, then he who had been struck would have received offence and insult at the same time offence because he was struck treacherously, insult because he who struck him maintained what he had done, standing his ground without taking to flight.
By my faith, I'm certain if Reinaldos of Montalvan had heard the little man's words he would have given him such a spank on the mouth that he wouldn't have spoken for the next three years ay, let him tackle them, and he'll see how he'll get out of their hands!
Don Quixote finally grew calm, and dinner came to an end, and as the cloth was removed four damsels came in, one of them with a silver basin, another with a jug also of silver, a third with two fine white towels on her shoulder, and the fourth with her arms bared to the elbows, and in her white hands (for white they certainly were) a round ball of Naples soap.
The duke and duchess, who had not known anything about this, waited to see what came of this strange washing. The barber damsel, when she had him a hand's breadth deep in lather, pretended that there was no more water, and bade the one with the jug go and fetch some, while Seor Don Quixote waited.
All those present, and there were a good many, were watching him, and as they saw him there with half a yard of neck, and that uncommonly brown, his eyes shut, and his beard full of soap, it was a great wonder, and only by great discretion, that they were able to restrain their laughter.
The damsels, the concocters of the joke, kept their eyes down, not daring to look at their master and mistress and as for them, laughter and anger struggled within them, and they knew not what to do, whether to punish the audacity of the girls, or to reward them for the amusement they had received from seeing Don Quixote in such a plight.
At length the damsel with the jug returned and they made an end of washing Don Quixote, and the one who carried the towels very deliberately wiped him and dried him and all four together making him a profound obeisance and curtsey, they were about to go, when the duke, lest Don Quixote should see through the joke, called out to the one with the basin saying, 'Come and wash me, and take care that there is water enough.
The girl, sharpwitted and prompt, came and placed the basin for the duke as she had done for Don Quixote, and they soon had him well soaped and washed, and having wiped him dry they made their obeisance and retired. It appeared afterwards that the duke had sworn that if they had not washed him as they had Don Quixote he would have punished them for their impudence, which they adroitly atoned for by soaping him as well.
Sancho observed the ceremony of the washing very attentively, and said to himself, 'God bless me, if it were only the custom in this country to wash squires' beards too as well as knights'. For by God and upon my soul I want it badly and if they gave me a scrape of the razor besides I'd take it as a still greater kindness.
'I was saying, seora, he replied, 'that in the courts of other princes, when the cloth is taken away, I have always heard say they give water for the hands, but not lye for the beard and that shows it is good to live long that you may see much to be sure, they say too that he who lives a long life must undergo much evil, though to undergo a washing of that sort is pleasure rather than pain.
'Don't be uneasy, friend Sancho, said the duchess 'I will take care that my damsels wash you, and even put you in the tub if necessary. 'I'll be content with the beard, said Sancho, 'at any rate for the present and as for the future, God has decreed what is to be.
The seneschal replied that Seor Sancho should be obeyed in everything and with that he went away to dinner and took Sancho along with him, while the duke and duchess and Don Quixote remained at table discussing a great variety of things, but all bearing on the calling of arms and knighterrantry.
The duchess begged Don Quixote, as he seemed to have a retentive memory, to describe and portray to her the beauty and features of the lady Dulcinea del Toboso, for, judging by what fame trumpeted abroad of her beauty, she felt sure she must be the fairest creature in the world, nay, in all La Mancha.
Don Quixote sighed on hearing the duchess's request, and said, 'If I could pluck out my heart, and lay it on a plate on this table here before your highness's eyes, it would spare my tongue the pain of telling what can hardly be thought of, for in it your excellence would see her portrayed in full.
But why should I attempt to depict and describe in detail, and feature by feature, the beauty of the peerless Dulcinea, the burden being one worthy of other shoulders than mine, an enterprise wherein the pencils of Parrhasius, Timantes, and Apelles, and the graver of Lysippus ought to be employed, to paint it in pictures and carve it in marble and bronze, and Ciceronian and Demosthenian eloquence to sound its praises?
'What does Demosthenian mean, Seor Don Quixote? said the duchess 'it is a word I never heard in all my life. 'Demosthenian eloquence, said Don Quixote, 'means the eloquence of Demosthenes, as Ciceronian means that of Cicero, who were the two most eloquent orators in the world. 'True, said the duke 'you must have lost your wits to ask such a question.
Nevertheless, Seor Don Quixote would greatly gratify us if he would depict her to us for never fear, even in an outline or sketch she will be something to make the fairest envious. 'I would do so certainly, said Don Quixote, 'had she not been blurred to my mind's eye by the misfortune that fell upon her a short time since, one of such a nature that I am more ready to weep over it than to describe it.
For your highnesses must know that, going a few days back to kiss her hands and receive her benediction, approbation, and permission for this third sally, I found her altogether a different being from the one I sought I found her enchanted and changed from a princess into a peasant, from fair to foul, from an angel into a devil, from fragrant to pestiferous, from refined to clownish, from a dignified lady into a jumping tomboy, and, in a word, from Dulcinea del Toboso into a coarse Sayago wench.
'God bless me! said the duke aloud at this, 'who can have done the world such an injury? Who can have robbed it of the beauty that gladdened it, of the grace and gaiety that charmed it, of the modesty that shed a lustre upon it? 'Who? replied Don Quixote 'who could it be but some malignant enchanter of the many that persecute me out of envythat accursed race born into the world to obscure and bring to naught the achievements of the good, and glorify and exalt the deeds of the wicked?
Enchanters have persecuted me, enchanters persecute me still, and enchanters will continue to persecute me until they have sunk me and my lofty chivalry in the deep abyss of oblivion and they injure and wound me where they know I feel it most. For to deprive a knighterrant of his lady is to deprive him of the eyes he sees with, of the sun that gives him light, of the food whereby he lives.
'There is no denying it, said the duchess 'but still, if we are to believe the history of Don Quixote that has come out here lately with general applause, it is to be inferred from it, if I mistake not, that you never saw the lady Dulcinea, and that the said lady is nothing in the world but an imaginary lady, one that you yourself begot and gave birth to in your brain, and adorned with whatever charms and perfections you chose.
I have not begotten nor given birth to my lady, though I behold her as she needs must be, a lady who contains in herself all the qualities to make her famous throughout the world, beautiful without blemish, dignified without haughtiness, tender and yet modest, gracious from courtesy and courteous from good breeding, and lastly, of exalted lineage, because beauty shines forth and excels with a higher degree of perfection upon good blood than in the fair of lowly birth.
'That is true, said the duke 'but Seor Don Quixote will give me leave to say what I am constrained to say by the story of his exploits that I have read, from which it is to be inferred that, granting there is a Dulcinea in El Toboso, or out of it, and that she is in the highest degree beautiful as you have described her to us, as regards the loftiness of her lineage she is not on a par with the Orianas, Alastrajareas, Madasimas, or others of that sort, with whom, as you well know, the histories abound.
'To that I may reply, said Don Quixote, 'that Dulcinea is the daughter of her own works, and that virtues rectify blood, and that lowly virtue is more to be regarded and esteemed than exalted vice. Dulcinea, besides, has that within her that may raise her to be a crowned and sceptred queen for the merit of a fair and virtuous woman is capable of performing greater miracles and virtually, though not formally, she has in herself higher fortunes.
But I cannot help entertaining a doubt, and having a certain grudge against Sancho Panza the doubt is this, that the aforesaid history declares that the said Sancho Panza, when he carried a letter on your worship's behalf to the said lady Dulcinea, found her sifting a sack of wheat and more by token it says it was red wheat a thing which makes me doubt the loftiness of her lineage.
To this Don Quixote made answer, 'Seora, your highness must know that everything or almost everything that happens me transcends the ordinary limits of what happens to other knightserrant whether it be that it is directed by the inscrutable will of destiny, or by the malice of some jealous enchanter.
I would infer from what I have mentioned that perhaps I may have some gift of this kind, not that of being invulnerable, because experience has many times proved to me that I am of tender flesh and not at all impenetrable nor that of being proof against enchantment, for I have already seen myself thrust into a cage, in which all the world would not have been able to confine me except by force of enchantments.
And as a proof of all this, I must tell your highnesses that, coming to El Toboso a short time back, I was altogether unable to discover the palace of Dulcinea and that the next day, though Sancho, my squire, saw her in her own proper shape, which is the fairest in the world, to me she appeared to be a coarse, illfavoured farmwench, and by no means a wellspoken one, she who is propriety itself.
And so, as I am not and, so far as one can judge, cannot be enchanted, she it is that is enchanted, that is smitten, that is altered, changed, and transformed in her have my enemies revenged themselves upon me, and for her shall I live in ceaseless tears, until I see her in her pristine state.
I have mentioned this lest anybody should mind what Sancho said about Dulcinea's winnowing or sifting for, as they changed her to me, it is no wonder if they changed her to him. Dulcinea is illustrious and wellborn, and of one of the gentle families of El Toboso, which are many, ancient, and good.
For another thing I would have your graces understand that Sancho Panza is one of the drollest squires that ever served knighterrant sometimes there is a simplicity about him so acute that it is an amusement to try and make out whether he is simple or sharp he has mischievous tricks that stamp him rogue, and blundering ways that prove him a booby he doubts everything and believes everything when I fancy he is on the point of coming down headlong from sheer stupidity, he comes out with something shrewd that sends him up to the skies.
The main point is that they should have good intentions and be desirous of doing right in all things, for they will never be at a loss for persons to advise and direct them in what they have to do, like those knightgovernors who, being no lawyers, pronounce sentences with the aid of an assessor.
The duke, duchess, and Don Quixote had reached this point in their conversation, when they heard voices and a great hubbub in the palace, and Sancho burst abruptly into the room all glowing with anger, with a strainingcloth by way of a bib, and followed by several servants, or, more properly speaking, kitchenboys and other underlings, one of whom carried a small trough full of water, that from its colour and impurity was plainly dishwater.
The one with the trough pursued him and followed him everywhere he went, endeavouring with the utmost persistence to thrust it under his chin, while another kitchenboy seemed anxious to wash his beard. 'What is all this, brothers? asked the duchess. 'What is it? What do you want to do to this good man?
Do you forget he is a governorelect? To which the barber kitchenboy replied, 'The gentleman will not let himself be washed as is customary, and as my lord and the seor his master have been. 'Yes, I will, said Sancho, in a great rage 'but I'd like it to be with cleaner towels, clearer lye, and not such dirty hands for there's not so much difference between me and my master that he should be washed with angels' water and I with devil's lye.
I have a clean beard, and I don't require to be refreshed in that fashion, and whoever comes to wash me or touch a hair of my head, I mean to say my beard, with all due respect be it said, I'll give him a punch that will leave my fist sunk in his skull for cirimonies and soapings of this sort are more like jokes than the polite attentions of one's host.
The duchess was ready to die with laughter when she saw Sancho's rage and heard his words but it was no pleasure to Don Quixote to see him in such a sorry trim, with the dingy towel about him, and the hangerson of the kitchen all round him so making a low bow to the duke and duchess, as if to ask their permission to speak, he addressed the rout in a dignified tone 'Holloa, gentlemen!
you let that youth alone, and go back to where you came from, or anywhere else if you like my squire is as clean as any other person, and those troughs are as bad as narrow thinnecked jars to him take my advice and leave him alone, for neither he nor I understand joking.
Sancho took the word out of his mouth and went on, 'Nay, let them come and try their jokes on the country bumpkin, for it's about as likely I'll stand them as that it's now midnight! Let them bring me a comb here, or what they please, and curry this beard of mine, and if they get anything out of it that offends against cleanliness, let them clip me to the skin.
Besides, you promoters of cleanliness have been excessively careless and thoughtless, I don't know if I ought not to say audacious, to bring troughs and wooden utensils and kitchen dishclouts, instead of basins and jugs of pure gold and towels of holland, to such a person and such a beard but, after all, you are illconditioned and illbred, and spiteful as you are, you cannot help showing the grudge you have against the squires of knightserrant.
'It is easy to see, Sancho, replied the duchess, 'that you have learned to be polite in the school of politeness itself I mean to say it is easy to see that you have been nursed in the bosom of Seor Don Quixote, who is, of course, the cream of good breeding and flower of ceremonyor cirimony, as you would say yourself.
Fair be the fortunes of such a master and such a servant, the one the cynosure of knighterrantry, the other the star of squirely fidelity! Rise, Sancho, my friend I will repay your courtesy by taking care that my lord the duke makes good to you the promised gift of the government as soon as possible.
Sancho replied that, though he certainly had the habit of sleeping four or five hours in the heat of the day in summer, to serve her excellence he would try with all his might not to sleep even one that day, and that he would come in obedience to her command, and with that he went off.
The history records that Sancho did not sleep that afternoon, but in order to keep his word came, before he had well done dinner, to visit the duchess, who, finding enjoyment in listening to him, made him sit down beside her on a low seat, though Sancho, out of pure good breeding, wanted not to sit down the duchess, however, told him he was to sit down as governor and talk as squire, as in both respects he was worthy of even the chair of the Cid Ruy Diaz the Campeador.
It was the duchess, however, who spoke first, saying 'Now that we are alone, and that there is nobody here to overhear us, I should be glad if the seor governor would relieve me of certain doubts I have, rising out of the history of the great Don Quixote that is now in print.
One is inasmuch as worthy Sancho never saw Dulcinea, I mean the lady Dulcinea del Toboso, nor took Don Quixote's letter to her, for it was left in the memorandum book in the Sierra Morena, how did he dare to invent the answer and all that about finding her sifting wheat, the whole story being a deception and falsehood, and so much to the prejudice of the peerless Dulcinea's good name, a thing that is not at all becoming the character and fidelity of a good squire?
At these words, Sancho, without uttering one in reply, got up from his chair, and with noiseless steps, with his body bent and his finger on his lips, went all round the room lifting up the hangings and this done, he came back to his seat and said, 'Now, seora, that I have seen that there is no one except the bystanders listening to us on the sly, I will answer what you have asked me, and all you may ask me, without fear or dread.
And the first thing I have got to say is, that for my own part I hold my master Don Quixote to be stark mad, though sometimes he says things that, to my mind, and indeed everybody's that listens to him, are so wise, and run in such a straight furrow, that Satan himself could not have said them better but for all that, really, and beyond all question, it's my firm belief he is cracked.
Well, then, as this is clear to my mind, I can venture to make him believe things that have neither head nor tail, like that affair of the answer to the letter, and that other of six or eight days ago, which is not yet in history, that is to say, the affair of the enchantment of my lady Dulcinea for I made him believe she is enchanted, though there's no more truth in it than over the hills of beda.
And if your highness does not like to give me the government you promised, God made me without it, and maybe your not giving it to me will be all the better for my conscience, for fool as I am I know the proverb 'to her hurt the ant got wings,' and it may be that Sancho the squire will get to heaven sooner than Sancho the governor.
'Why, there's a ballad that says they put King Rodrigo alive into a tomb full of toads, and adders, and lizards, and that two days afterwards the king, in a plaintive, feeble voice, cried out from within the tomb They gnaw me now, they gnaw me now, There where I most did sin.
The duchess could not help laughing at the simplicity of her duenna, or wondering at the language and proverbs of Sancho, to whom she said, 'Worthy Sancho knows very well that when once a knight has made a promise he strives to keep it, though it should cost him his life.
My lord and husband the duke, though not one of the errant sort, is none the less a knight for that reason, and will keep his word about the promised island, in spite of the envy and malice of the world. Let Sancho be of good cheer for when he least expects it he will find himself seated on the throne of his island and seat of dignity, and will take possession of his government that he may discard it for another of threebordered brocade.
And it seems to me that, in governments, to make a beginning is everything and maybe, after having been governor a fortnight, I'll take kindly to the work and know more about it than the field labour I have been brought up to. 'You are right, Sancho, said the duchess, 'for no one is born ready taught, and the bishops are made out of men and not out of stones.
But to return to the subject we were discussing just now, the enchantment of the lady Dulcinea, I look upon it as certain, and something more than evident, that Sancho's idea of practising a deception upon his master, making him believe that the peasant girl was Dulcinea and that if he did not recognise her it must be because she was enchanted, was all a device of one of the enchanters that persecute Don Quixote.
For in truth and earnest, I know from good authority that the coarse country wench who jumped up on the ass was and is Dulcinea del Toboso, and that worthy Sancho, though he fancies himself the deceiver, is the one that is deceived and that there is no more reason to doubt the truth of this, than of anything else we never saw.
Seor Sancho Panza must know that we too have enchanters here that are well disposed to us, and tell us what goes on in the world, plainly and distinctly, without subterfuge or deception and believe me, Sancho, that agile country lass was and is Dulcinea del Toboso, who is as much enchanted as the mother that bore her and when we least expect it, we shall see her in her own proper form, and then Sancho will be disabused of the error he is under at present.
'All that's very possible, said Sancho Panza 'and now I'm willing to believe what my master says about what he saw in the cave of Montesinos, where he says he saw the lady Dulcinea del Toboso in the very same dress and apparel that I said I had seen her in when I enchanted her all to please myself.
It must be all exactly the other way, as your ladyship says because it is impossible to suppose that out of my poor wit such a cunning trick could be concocted in a moment, nor do I think my master is so mad that by my weak and feeble persuasion he could be made to believe a thing so out of all reason.
But, seora, your excellence must not therefore think me illdisposed, for a dolt like me is not bound to see into the thoughts and plots of those vile enchanters. I invented all that to escape my master's scolding, and not with any intention of hurting him and if it has turned out differently, there is a God in heaven who judges our hearts.
Sancho upon this related to her, word for word, what has been said already touching that adventure, and having heard it the duchess said, 'From this occurrence it may be inferred that, as the great Don Quixote says he saw there the same country wench Sancho saw on the way from El Toboso, it is, no doubt, Dulcinea, and that there are some very active and exceedingly busy enchanters about.
'So I say, said Sancho, 'and if my lady Dulcinea is enchanted, so much the worse for her, and I'm not going to pick a quarrel with my master's enemies, who seem to be many and spiteful. The truth is that the one I saw was a country wench, and I set her down to be a country wench and if that was Dulcinea it must not be laid at my door, nor should I be called to answer for it or take the consequences.
But they must go nagging at me at every step'Sancho said it, Sancho did it, Sancho here, Sancho there,' as if Sancho was nobody at all, and not that same Sancho Panza that's now going all over the world in books, so Samson Carrasco told me, and he's at any rate one that's a bachelor of Salamanca and people of that sort can't lie, except when the whim seizes them or they have some very good reason for it.
So there's no occasion for anybody to quarrel with me and then I have a good character, and, as I have heard my master say, 'a good name is better than great riches' let them only stick me into this government and they'll see wonders, for one who has been a good squire will be a good governor.
In fact, to speak in his own style, 'under a bad cloak there's often a good drinker.' 'Indeed, seora, said Sancho, 'I never yet drank out of wickedness from thirst I have very likely, for I have nothing of the hypocrite in me I drink when I'm inclined, or, if I'm not inclined, when they offer it to me, so as not to look either straitlaced or illbred for when a friend drinks one's health what heart can be so hard as not to return it?
But if I put on my shoes I don't dirty them besides, squires to knightserrant mostly drink water, for they are always wandering among woods, forests and meadows, mountains and crags, without a drop of wine to be had if they gave their eyes for it. 'So I believe, said the duchess 'and now let Sancho go and take his sleep, and we will talk byandby at greater length, and settle how he may soon go and stick himself into the government, as he says.
'My ass, said Sancho, 'which, not to mention him by that name, I'm accustomed to call Dapple I begged this lady duenna here to take care of him when I came into the castle, and she got as angry as if I had said she was ugly or old, though it ought to be more natural and proper for duennas to feed asses than to ornament chambers.
God bless me! what a spite a gentleman of my village had against these ladies! 'He must have been some clown, said Doa Rodriguez the duenna 'for if he had been a gentleman and wellborn he would have exalted them higher than the horns of the moon. 'That will do, said the duchess 'no more of this hush, Doa Rodriguez, and let Seor Panza rest easy and leave the treatment of Dapple in my charge, for as he is a treasure of Sancho's, I'll put him on the apple of my eye.
'It will be enough for him to be in the stable, said Sancho, 'for neither he nor I are worthy to rest a moment in the apple of your highness's eye, and I'd as soon stab myself as consent to it for though my master says that in civilities it is better to lose by a card too many than a card too few, when it comes to civilities to asses we must mind what we are about and keep within due bounds.
'Take him to your government, Sancho, said the duchess, 'and there you will be able to make as much of him as you like, and even release him from work and pension him off. 'Don't think, seora duchess, that you have said anything absurd, said Sancho 'I have seen more than two asses go to governments, and for me to take mine with me would be nothing new.
Sancho's words made the duchess laugh again and gave her fresh amusement, and dismissing him to sleep she went away to tell the duke the conversation she had had with him, and between them they plotted and arranged to play a joke upon Don Quixote that was to be a rare one and entirely in knighterrantry style, and in that same style they practised several upon him, so much in keeping and so clever that they form the best adventures this great history contains.
Great was the pleasure the duke and duchess took in the conversation of Don Quixote and Sancho Panza and, more bent than ever upon the plan they had of practising some jokes upon them that should have the look and appearance of adventures, they took as their basis of action what Don Quixote had already told them about the cave of Montesinos, in order to play him a famous one.
But what the duchess marvelled at above all was that Sancho's simplicity could be so great as to make him believe as absolute truth that Dulcinea had been enchanted, when it was he himself who had been the enchanter and trickster in the business. Having, therefore, instructed their servants in everything they were to do, six days afterwards they took him out to hunt, with as great a retinue of huntsmen and beaters as a crowned king.
They presented Don Quixote with a hunting suit, and Sancho with another of the finest green cloth but Don Quixote declined to put his on, saying that he must soon return to the hard pursuit of arms, and could not carry wardrobes or stores with him. Sancho, however, took what they gave him, meaning to sell it at the first opportunity.
The duchess came out splendidly attired, and Don Quixote, in pure courtesy and politeness, held the rein of her palfrey, though the duke wanted not to allow him and at last they reached a wood that lay between two high mountains, where, after occupying various posts, ambushes, and paths, and distributing the party in different positions, the hunt began with great noise, shouting, and hallooing, so that, between the baying of the hounds and the blowing of the horns, they could not hear one another.
The duchess dismounted, and with a sharp boarspear in her hand posted herself where she knew the wild boars were in the habit of passing. The duke and Don Quixote likewise dismounted and placed themselves one at each side of her. Sancho took up a position in the rear of all without dismounting from Dapple, whom he dared not desert lest some mischief should befall him.
Scarcely had they taken their stand in a line with several of their servants, when they saw a huge boar, closely pressed by the hounds and followed by the huntsmen, making towards them, grinding his teeth and tusks, and scattering foam from his mouth. As soon as he saw him Don Quixote, bracing his shield on his arm, and drawing his sword, advanced to meet him the duke with boarspear did the same but the duchess would have gone in front of them all had not the duke prevented her.
As he was clinging to a branch, however, halfway up in his struggle to reach the top, the bough, such was his illluck and hard fate, gave way, and caught in his fall by a broken limb of the oak, he hung suspended in the air unable to reach the ground.
Finding himself in this position, and that the green coat was beginning to tear, and reflecting that if the fierce animal came that way he might be able to get at him, he began to utter such cries, and call for help so earnestly, that all who heard him and did not see him felt sure he must be in the teeth of some wild beast.
In the end the tusked boar fell pierced by the blades of the many spears they held in front of him and Don Quixote, turning round at the cries of Sancho, for he knew by them that it was he, saw him hanging from the oak head downwards, with Dapple, who did not forsake him in his distress, close beside him and Cide Hamete observes that he seldom saw Sancho Panza without seeing Dapple, or Dapple without seeing Sancho Panza such was their attachment and loyalty one to the other.
Meanwhile they had slung the mighty boar across the back of a mule, and having covered it with sprigs of rosemary and branches of myrtle, they bore it away as the spoils of victory to some large fieldtents which had been pitched in the middle of the wood, where they found the tables laid and dinner served, in such grand and sumptuous style that it was easy to see the rank and magnificence of those who had provided it.
Sancho, as he showed the rents in his torn suit to the duchess, observed, 'If we had been hunting hares, or after small birds, my coat would have been safe from being in the plight it's in I don't know what pleasure one can find in lying in wait for an animal that may take your life with his tusk if he gets at you.
I recollect having heard an old ballad sung that says, By bears be thou devoured, as erst Was famous Favila. 'That, said Don Quixote, 'was a Gothic king, who, going ahunting, was devoured by a bear. 'Just so, said Sancho 'and I would not have kings and princes expose themselves to such dangers for the sake of a pleasure which, to my mind, ought not to be one, as it consists in killing an animal that has done no harm whatever.
'Nay, said Sancho, 'the good governor should have a broken leg and keep at home it would be a nice thing if, after people had been at the trouble of coming to look for him on business, the governor were to be away in the forest enjoying himself the government would go on badly in that fashion.
By my faith, seor, hunting and amusements are more fit for idlers than for governors what I intend to amuse myself with is playing all fours at Eastertime, and bowls on Sundays and holidays for these huntings don't suit my condition or agree with my conscience. 'God grant it may turn out so, said the duke 'because it's a long step from saying to doing.
'Be that as it may, said Sancho, ''pledges don't distress a good payer,' and 'he whom God helps does better than he who gets up early,' and 'it's the tripes that carry the feet and not the feet the tripes' I mean to say that if God gives me help and I do my duty honestly, no doubt I'll govern better than a gerfalcon.
Nay, let them only put a finger in my mouth, and they'll see whether I can bite or not. 'The curse of God and all his saints upon thee, thou accursed Sancho! exclaimed Don Quixote 'when will the day comeas I have often said to theewhen I shall hear thee make one single coherent, rational remark without proverbs?
Pray, your highnesses, leave this fool alone, for he will grind your souls between, not to say two, but two thousand proverbs, dragged in as much in season, and as much to the purpose asmay God grant as much health to him, or to me if I want to listen to them!
'Sancho Panza's proverbs, said the duchess, 'though more in number than the Greek Commander's, are not therefore less to be esteemed for the conciseness of the maxims. For my own part, I can say they give me more pleasure than others that may be better brought in and more seasonably introduced.
Then there were heard repeated lelilies after the fashion of the Moors when they rush to battle trumpets and clarions brayed, drums beat, fifes played, so unceasingly and so fast that he could not have had any senses who did not lose them with the confused din of so many instruments.
The duke was astounded, the duchess amazed, Don Quixote wondering, Sancho Panza trembling, and indeed, even they who were aware of the cause were frightened. In their fear, silence fell upon them, and a postillion, in the guise of a demon, passed in front of them, blowing, in lieu of a bugle, a huge hollow horn that gave out a horrible hoarse note.
To which the courier replied in a harsh, discordant voice, 'I am the devil I am in search of Don Quixote of La Mancha those who are coming this way are six troops of enchanters, who are bringing on a triumphal car the peerless Dulcinea del Toboso she comes under enchantment, together with the gallant Frenchman Montesinos, to give instructions to Don Quixote as to how, she the said lady, may be disenchanted.
'If you were the devil, as you say and as your appearance indicates, said the duke, 'you would have known the said knight Don Quixote of La Mancha, for you have him here before you. 'By God and upon my conscience, said the devil, 'I never observed it, for my mind is occupied with so many different things that I was forgetting the main thing I came about.
They all felt fresh wonder, but particularly Sancho and Don Quixote Sancho to see how, in defiance of the truth, they would have it that Dulcinea was enchanted Don Quixote because he could not feel sure whether what had happened to him in the cave of Montesinos was true or not and as he was deep in these cogitations the duke said to him, 'Do you mean to wait, Seor Don Quixote?
Night now closed in more completely, and many lights began to flit through the wood, just as those fiery exhalations from the earth, that look like shootingstars to our eyes, flit through the heavens a frightful noise, too, was heard, like that made by the solid wheels the oxcarts usually have, by the harsh, ceaseless creaking of which, they say, the bears and wolves are put to flight, if there happen to be any where they are passing.
In addition to all this commotion, there came a further disturbance to increase the tumult, for now it seemed as if in truth, on all four sides of the wood, four encounters or battles were going on at the same time in one quarter resounded the dull noise of a terrible cannonade, in another numberless muskets were being discharged, the shouts of the combatants sounded almost close at hand, and farther away the Moorish lelilies were raised again and again.
In a word, the bugles, the horns, the clarions, the trumpets, the drums, the cannon, the musketry, and above all the tremendous noise of the carts, all made up together a din so confused and terrific that Don Quixote had need to summon up all his courage to brave it but Sancho's gave way, and he fell fainting on the skirt of the duchess's robe, who let him lie there and promptly bade them throw water in his face.
It was drawn by four plodding oxen all covered with black housings on each horn they had fixed a large lighted wax taper, and on the top of the cart was constructed a raised seat, on which sat a venerable old man with a beard whiter than the very snow, and so long that it fell below his waist he was dressed in a long robe of black buckram for as the cart was thickly set with a multitude of candles it was easy to make out everything that was on it.
Leading it were two hideous demons, also clad in buckram, with countenances so frightful that Sancho, having once seen them, shut his eyes so as not to see them again. As soon as the cart came opposite the spot the old man rose from his lofty seat, and standing up said in a loud voice, 'I am the sage Lirgandeo, and without another word the cart then passed on.
Then another cart came by at the same pace, but the occupant of the throne was not old like the others, but a man stalwart and robust, and of a forbidding countenance, who as he came up said in a voice far hoarser and more devilish, 'I am the enchanter Archelaus, the mortal enemy of Amadis of Gaul and all his kindred, and then passed on.
Having gone a short distance the three carts halted and the monotonous noise of their wheels ceased, and soon after they heard another, not noise, but sound of sweet, harmonious music, of which Sancho was very glad, taking it to be a good sign and said he to the duchess, from whom he did not stir a step, or for a single instant, 'Seora, where there's music there can't be mischief.
'Nor where there are lights and it is bright, said the duchess to which Sancho replied, 'Fire gives light, and it's bright where there are bonfires, as we see by those that are all round us and perhaps may burn us but music is a sign of mirth and merrymaking.
'That remains to be seen, said Don Quixote, who was listening to all that passed and he was right, as is shown in the following chapter. They saw advancing towards them, to the sound of this pleasing music, what they call a triumphal car, drawn by six grey mules with white linen housings, on each of which was mounted a penitent, robed also in white, with a large lighted wax taper in his hand.
The car was twice or, perhaps, three times as large as the former ones, and in front and on the sides stood twelve more penitents, all as white as snow and all with lighted tapers, a spectacle to excite fear as well as wonder and on a raised throne was seated a nymph draped in a multitude of silvertissue veils with an embroidery of countless gold spangles glittering all over them, that made her appear, if not richly, at least brilliantly, apparelled.
She had her face covered with thin transparent sendal, the texture of which did not prevent the fair features of a maiden from being distinguished, while the numerous lights made it possible to judge of her beauty and of her years, which seemed to be not less than seventeen but not to have yet reached twenty.
But the instant the car was opposite the duke and duchess and Don Quixote the music of the clarions ceased, and then that of the lutes and harps on the car, and the figure in the robe rose up, and flinging it apart and removing the veil from its face, disclosed to their eyes the shape of Death itself, fleshless and hideous, at which sight Don Quixote felt uneasy, Sancho frightened, and the duke and duchess displayed a certain trepidation.
Having risen to its feet, this living death, in a sleepy voice and with a tongue hardly awake, held forth as follows I am that Merlin who the legends say The devil had for father, and the lie Hath gathered credence with the lapse of time. Of magic prince, of Zoroastric lore Monarch and treasurer, with jealous eye I view the efforts of the age to hide The gallant deeds of doughty errant knights, Who are, and ever have been, dear to me.
Enchanters and magicians and their kind Are mostly hard of heart not so am I For mine is tender, soft, compassionate, And its delight is doing good to all. In the dim caverns of the gloomy Dis, Where, tracing mystic lines and characters, My soul abideth now, there came to me The sorrowladen plaint of her, the fair, The peerless Dulcinea del Toboso.
I knew of her enchantment and her fate, From highborn dame to peasant wench transformed And touched with pity, first I turned the leaves Of countless volumes of my devilish craft, And then, in this grim grisly skeleton Myself encasing, hither have I come To show where lies the fitting remedy To give relief in such a piteous case.
To thee, great hero who all praise transcends, La Mancha's lustre and Iberia's star, Don Quixote, wise as brave, to thee I say For peerless Dulcinea del Toboso Her pristine form and beauty to regain, 'Tis needful that thy esquire Sancho shall, On his own sturdy buttocks bared to heaven, Three thousand and three hundred lashes lay, And that they smart and sting and hurt him well.
Thus have the authors of her woe resolved. And this is, gentles, wherefore I have come. 'By all that's good, exclaimed Sancho at this, 'I'll just as soon give myself three stabs with a dagger as three, not to say three thousand, lashes. The devil take such a way of disenchanting!
'But I'll take you, Don Clown stuffed with garlic, said Don Quixote, 'and tie you to a tree as naked as when your mother brought you forth, and give you, not to say three thousand three hundred, but six thousand six hundred lashes, and so well laid on that they won't be got rid of if you try three thousand three hundred times don't answer me a word or I'll tear your soul out.
On hearing this Merlin said, 'That will not do, for the lashes worthy Sancho has to receive must be given of his own free will and not by force, and at whatever time he pleases, for there is no fixed limit assigned to him but it is permitted him, if he likes to commute by half the pain of this whipping, to let them be given by the hand of another, though it may be somewhat weighty.
'Not a hand, my own or anybody else's, weighty or weighable, shall touch me, said Sancho. 'Was it I that gave birth to the lady Dulcinea del Toboso, that my backside is to pay for the sins of her eyes? My master, indeed, that's a part of herfor, he's always calling her 'my life' and 'my soul,' and his stay and propmay and ought to whip himself for her and take all the trouble required for her disenchantment.
But to make a piece of work about three thousand three hundred lashes, what every poor little charityboy gets every monthit is enough to amaze, astonish, astound the compassionate bowels of all who hear it, nay, all who come to hear it in the course of time. Turn, O miserable, hardhearted animal, turn, I say, those timorous owl's eyes upon these of mine that are compared to radiant stars, and thou wilt see them weeping trickling streams and rills, and tracing furrows, tracks, and paths over the fair fields of my cheeks.
Let it move thee, crafty, illconditioned monster, to see my blooming youthstill in its teens, for I am not yet twentywasting and withering away beneath the husk of a rude peasant wench and if I do not appear in that shape now, it is a special favour Seor Merlin here has granted me, to the sole end that my beauty may soften thee for the tears of beauty in distress turn rocks into cotton and tigers into ewes.
And if thou wilt not relent or come to reason for me, do so for the sake of that poor knight thou hast beside thee thy master I mean, whose soul I can this moment see, how he has it stuck in his throat not ten fingers from his lips, and only waiting for thy inflexible or yielding reply to make its escape by his mouth or go back again into his stomach.
Don Quixote on hearing this felt his throat, and turning to the duke he said, 'By God, seor, Dulcinea says true, I have my soul stuck here in my throat like the nut of a crossbow. 'What say you to this, Sancho? said the duchess. 'I say, seora, returned Sancho, 'what I said before as for the lashes, abernuncio!
'Abrenuncio, you should say, Sancho, and not as you do, said the duke. 'Let me alone, your highness, said Sancho. 'I'm not in a humour now to look into niceties or a letter more or less, for these lashes that are to be given me, or I'm to give myself, have so upset me, that I don't know what I'm saying or doing.
But I'd like to know of this lady, my lady Dulcinea del Toboso, where she learned this way she has of asking favours. She comes to ask me to score my flesh with lashes, and she calls me soul of a pitcher, and great untamed brute, and a string of foul names that the devil is welcome to.
No, nothing but one piece of abuse after another, though she knows the proverb they have here that 'an ass loaded with gold goes lightly up a mountain,' and that 'gifts break rocks,' and 'praying to God and plying the hammer,' and that 'one 'take is better than two 'I'll give thee's.' Then there's my master, who ought to stroke me down and pet me to make me turn wool and carded cotton he says if he gets hold of me he'll tie me naked to a tree and double the tale of lashes on me.
These tenderhearted gentry should consider that it's not merely a squire, but a governor they are asking to whip himself just as if it was 'drink with cherries.' Let them learn, plague take them, the right way to ask, and beg, and behave themselves for all times are not alike, nor are people always in good humour.
I'm now ready to burst with grief at seeing my green coat torn, and they come to ask me to whip myself of my own free will, I having as little fancy for it as for turning cacique. 'Well then, the fact is, friend Sancho, said the duke, 'that unless you become softer than a ripe fig, you shall not get hold of the government.
It would be a nice thing for me to send my islanders a cruel governor with flinty bowels, who won't yield to the tears of afflicted damsels or to the prayers of wise, magisterial, ancient enchanters and sages. In short, Sancho, either you must be whipped by yourself, or they must whip you, or you shan't be governor.
'No, certainly not, said Merlin 'here, this minute, and on the spot, the matter must be settled either Dulcinea will return to the cave of Montesinos and to her former condition of peasant wench, or else in her present form shall be carried to the Elysian fields, where she will remain waiting until the number of stripes is completed.
'Now then, Sancho! said the duchess, 'show courage, and gratitude for your master Don Quixote's bread that you have eaten we are all bound to oblige and please him for his benevolent disposition and lofty chivalry. Consent to this whipping, my son to the devil with the devil, and leave fear to milksops, for 'a stout heart breaks bad luck,' as you very well know.
To this Sancho replied with an irrelevant remark, which, addressing Merlin, he made to him, 'Will your worship tell me, Seor Merlinwhen that courier devil came up he gave my master a message from Seor Montesinos, charging him to wait for him here, as he was coming to arrange how the lady Doa Dulcinea del Toboso was to be disenchanted but up to the present we have not seen Montesinos, nor anything like him.
'There are a great many doctors in the world even the enchanters are doctors, said Sancho 'however, as everybody tells me the same thingthough I can't see it myselfI say I am willing to give myself the three thousand three hundred lashes, provided I am to lay them on whenever I like, without any fixing of days or times and I'll try and get out of debt as quickly as I can, that the world may enjoy the beauty of the lady Dulcinea del Toboso as it seems, contrary to what I thought, that she is beautiful after all.
It must be a condition, too, that I am not to be bound to draw blood with the scourge, and that if any of the lashes happen to be flyflappers they are to count. Item, that, in case I should make any mistake in the reckoning, Seor Merlin, as he knows everything, is to keep count, and let me know how many are still wanting or over the number.
'There will be no need to let you know of any over, said Merlin, 'because, when you reach the full number, the lady Dulcinea will at once, and that very instant, be disenchanted, and will come in her gratitude to seek out the worthy Sancho, and thank him, and even reward him for the good work.
So you have no cause to be uneasy about stripes too many or too few heaven forbid I should cheat anyone of even a hair of his head. 'Well then, in God's hands be it, said Sancho 'in the hard case I'm in I give in I say I accept the penance on the conditions laid down.
The instant Sancho uttered these last words the music of the clarions struck up once more, and again a host of muskets were discharged, and Don Quixote hung on Sancho's neck kissing him again and again on the forehead and cheeks. The duchess and the duke expressed the greatest satisfaction, the car began to move on, and as it passed the fair Dulcinea bowed to the duke and duchess and made a low curtsey to Sancho.
And now bright smiling dawn came on apace the flowers of the field, revived, raised up their heads, and the crystal waters of the brooks, murmuring over the grey and white pebbles, hastened to pay their tribute to the expectant rivers the glad earth, the unclouded sky, the fresh breeze, the clear light, each and all showed that the day that came treading on the skirts of morning would be calm and bright.
The duke had a majordomo of a very facetious and sportive turn, and he it was that played the part of Merlin, made all the arrangements for the late adventure, composed the verses, and got a page to represent Dulcinea and now, with the assistance of his master and mistress, he got up another of the drollest and strangest contrivances that can be imagined.
The duchess asked Sancho the next day if he had made a beginning with his penance task which he had to perform for the disenchantment of Dulcinea. He said he had, and had given himself five lashes overnight. The duchess asked him what he had given them with. He said with his hand.
'That, said the duchess, 'is more like giving oneself slaps than lashes I am sure the sage Merlin will not be satisfied with such tenderness worthy Sancho must make a scourge with claws, or a cato'nine tails, that will make itself felt for it's with blood that letters enter, and the release of so great a lady as Dulcinea will not be granted so cheaply, or at such a paltry price and remember, Sancho, that works of charity done in a lukewarm and halfhearted way are without merit and of no avail.
To which Sancho replied, 'If your ladyship will give me a proper scourge or cord, I'll lay on with it, provided it does not hurt too much for you must know, boor as I am, my flesh is more cotton than hemp, and it won't do for me to destroy myself for the good of anybody else.
Then said Sancho, 'Your highness must know, dear lady of my soul, that I have a letter written to my wife, Teresa Panza, giving her an account of all that has happened me since I left her I have it here in my bosom, and there's nothing wanting but to put the address to it I'd be glad if your discretion would read it, for I think it runs in the governor style I mean the way governors ought to write.
'And who dictated it? asked the duchess. 'Who should have dictated but myself, sinner as I am? said Sancho. 'And did you write it yourself? said the duchess. 'That I didn't, said Sancho 'for I can neither read nor write, though I can sign my name. 'Let us see it, said the duchess, 'for never fear but you display in it the quality and quantity of your wit.
Sancho drew out an open letter from his bosom, and the duchess, taking it, found it ran in this fashion SANCHO PANZA'S LETTER TO HIS WIFE, TERESA PANZA If I was well whipped I went mounted like a gentleman if I have got a good government it is at the cost of a good whipping.
Thou wilt not understand this just now, my Teresa byandby thou wilt know what it means. I may tell thee, Teresa, I mean thee to go in a coach, for that is a matter of importance, because every other way of going is going on allfours. Thou art a governor's wife take care that nobody speaks evil of thee behind thy back.
I send thee here a green hunting suit that my lady the duchess gave me alter it so as to make a petticoat and bodice for our daughter. Don Quixote, my master, if I am to believe what I hear in these parts, is a madman of some sense, and a droll blockhead, and I am in no way behind him.
We have been in the cave of Montesinos, and the sage Merlin has laid hold of me for the disenchantment of Dulcinea del Toboso, her that is called Aldonza Lorenzo over there. With three thousand three hundred lashes, less five, that I'm to give myself, she will be left as entirely disenchanted as the mother that bore her.
I shall leave this in a few days for my government, to which I am going with a mighty great desire to make money, for they tell me all new governors set out with the same desire I will feel the pulse of it and will let thee know if thou art to come and live with me or not.
Dapple is well and sends many remembrances to thee I am not going to leave him behind though they took me away to be Grand Turk. My lady the duchess kisses thy hands a thousand times do thou make a return with two thousand, for as my master says, nothing costs less or is cheaper than civility.
'I don't mean it that way, seora, said Sancho 'and if you think the letter doesn't run as it ought to do, it's only to tear it up and make another and maybe it will be a worse one if it is left to my gumption. 'No, no, said the duchess, 'this one will do, and I wish the duke to see it.
With this they betook themselves to a garden where they were to dine, and the duchess showed Sancho's letter to the duke, who was highly delighted with it. They dined, and after the cloth had been removed and they had amused themselves for a while with Sancho's rich conversation, the melancholy sound of a fife and harsh discordant drum made itself heard.
All seemed somewhat put out by this dull, confused, martial harmony, especially Don Quixote, who could not keep his seat from pure disquietude as to Sancho, it is needless to say that fear drove him to his usual refuge, the side or the skirts of the duchess and indeed and in truth the sound they heard was a most doleful and melancholy one.
While they were still in uncertainty they saw advancing towards them through the garden two men clad in mourning robes so long and flowing that they trailed upon the ground. As they marched they beat two great drums which were likewise draped in black, and beside them came the fife player, black and sombre like the others.
Following these came a personage of gigantic stature enveloped rather than clad in a gown of the deepest black, the skirt of which was of prodigious dimensions. Over the gown, girdling or crossing his figure, he had a broad baldric which was also black, and from which hung a huge scimitar with a black scabbard and furniture.
He had his face covered with a transparent black veil, through which might be descried a very long beard as white as snow. He came on keeping step to the sound of the drums with great gravity and dignity and, in short, his stature, his gait, the sombreness of his appearance and his following might well have struck with astonishment, as they did, all who beheld him without knowing who he was.
And with that he coughed, and stroked down his beard with both his hands, and stood very tranquilly waiting for the response of the duke, which was to this effect 'Many days ago, worthy squire Trifaldin of the White Beard, we heard of the misfortune of my lady the Countess Trifaldi, whom the enchanters have caused to be called the Distressed Duenna.
Bid her enter, O stupendous squire, and tell her that the valiant knight Don Quixote of La Mancha is here, and from his generous disposition she may safely promise herself every protection and assistance and you may tell her, too, that if my aid be necessary it will not be withheld, for I am bound to give it to her by my quality of knight, which involves the protection of women of all sorts, especially widowed, wronged, and distressed dames, such as her ladyship seems to be.
On hearing this Trifaldin bent the knee to the ground, and making a sign to the fifer and drummers to strike up, he turned and marched out of the garden to the same notes and at the same pace as when he entered, leaving them all amazed at his bearing and solemnity.
I say so, because your excellence has been barely six days in this castle, and already the unhappy and the afflicted come in quest of you from lands far distant and remote, and not in coaches or on dromedaries, but on foot and fasting, confident that in that mighty arm they will find a cure for their sorrows and troubles thanks to your great achievements, which are circulated all over the known earth.
Relief in distress, help in need, protection for damsels, consolation for widows, are to be found in no sort of persons better than in knightserrant and I give unceasing thanks to heaven that I am one, and regard any misfortune or suffering that may befall me in the pursuit of so honourable a calling as endured to good purpose.
The duke and duchess were extremely glad to see how readily Don Quixote fell in with their scheme but at this moment Sancho observed, 'I hope this seora duenna won't be putting any difficulties in the way of the promise of my government for I have heard a Toledo apothecary, who talked like a goldfinch, say that where duennas were mixed up nothing good could happen.
God bless me, how he hated them, that same apothecary! And so what I'm thinking is, if all duennas, of whatever sort or condition they may be, are plagues and busybodies, what must they be that are distressed, like this Countess Threeskirts or Threetails!for in my country skirts or tails, tails or skirts, it's all one.
'Hush, friend Sancho, said Don Quixote 'since this lady duenna comes in quest of me from such a distant land she cannot be one of those the apothecary meant moreover this is a countess, and when countesses serve as duennas it is in the service of queens and empresses, for in their own houses they are mistresses paramount and have other duennas to wait on them.
But I can tell these walking blocks that we will live in spite of them, and in great houses too, though we die of hunger and cover our flesh, be it delicate or not, with widow's weeds, as one covers or hides a dunghill on a procession day. By my faith, if it were permitted me and time allowed, I could prove, not only to those here present, but to all the world, that there is no virtue that is not to be found in a duenna.
'I have no doubt, said the duchess, 'that my good Doa Rodriguez is right, and very much so but she had better bide her time for fighting her own battle and that of the rest of the duennas, so as to crush the calumny of that vile apothecary, and root out the prejudice in the great Sancho Panza's mind.
To which Sancho replied, 'Ever since I have sniffed the governorship I have got rid of the humours of a squire, and I don't care a wild fig for all the duennas in the world. They would have carried on this duenna dispute further had they not heard the notes of the fife and drums once more, from which they concluded that the Distressed Duenna was making her entrance.
The duchess asked the duke if it would be proper to go out to receive her, as she was a countess and a person of rank. 'In respect of her being a countess, said Sancho, before the duke could reply, 'I am for your highnesses going out to receive her but in respect of her being a duenna, it is my opinion you should not stir a step.
said Sancho 'I meddle for I have a right to meddle, as a squire who has learned the rules of courtesy in the school of your worship, the most courteous and bestbred knight in the whole world of courtliness and in these things, as I have heard your worship say, as much is lost by a card too many as by a card too few, and to one who has his ears open, few words.
'Sancho is right, said the duke 'we'll see what the countess is like, and by that measure the courtesy that is due to her. And now the drums and fife made their entrance as before and here the author brought this short chapter to an end and began the next, following up the same adventure, which is one of the most notable in the history.
The twelve duennas and the lady came on at procession pace, their faces being covered with black veils, not transparent ones like Trifaldin's, but so close that they allowed nothing to be seen through them. As soon as the band of duennas was fully in sight, the duke, the duchess, and Don Quixote stood up, as well as all who were watching the slowmoving procession.
She then, kneeling on the ground, said in a voice hoarse and rough, rather than fine and delicate, 'May it please your highnesses not to offer such courtesies to this your servant, I should say to this your handmaid, for I am in such distress that I shall never be able to make a proper return, because my strange and unparalleled misfortune has carried off my wits, and I know not whither but it must be a long way off, for the more I look for them the less I find them.
'He would be wanting in wits, seora countess, said the duke, 'who did not perceive your worth by your person, for at a glance it may be seen it deserves all the cream of courtesy and flower of polite usage and raising her up by the hand he led her to a seat beside the duchess, who likewise received her with great urbanity.
'The Panza is here, said Sancho, before anyone could reply, 'and Don Quixotissimus too and so, most distressedest Duenissima, you may say what you willissimus, for we are all readissimus to do you any servissimus. On this Don Quixote rose, and addressing the Distressed Duenna, said, 'If your sorrows, afflicted lady, can indulge in any hope of relief from the valour or might of any knighterrant, here are mine, which, feeble and limited though they be, shall be entirely devoted to your service.
I am Don Quixote of La Mancha, whose calling it is to give aid to the needy of all sorts and that being so, it is not necessary for you, seora, to make any appeal to benevolence, or deal in preambles, only to tell your woes plainly and straightforwardly for you have hearers that will know how, if not to remedy them, to sympathise with them.
On hearing this, the Distressed Duenna made as though she would throw herself at Don Quixote's feet, and actually did fall before them and said, as she strove to embrace them, 'Before these feet and legs I cast myself, O unconquered knight, as before, what they are, the foundations and pillars of knighterrantry these feet I desire to kiss, for upon their steps hangs and depends the sole remedy for my misfortune, O valorous errant, whose veritable achievements leave behind and eclipse the fabulous ones of the Amadises, Esplandians, and Belianises!
Then turning from Don Quixote to Sancho Panza, and grasping his hands, she said, 'O thou, most loyal squire that ever served knighterrant in this present age or ages past, whose goodness is more extensive than the beard of Trifaldin my companion here of present, well mayest thou boast thyself that, in serving the great Don Quixote, thou art serving, summed up in one, the whole host of knights that have ever borne arms in the world.
The duke and duchess, as it was they who had made the experiment of this adventure, were ready to burst with laughter at all this, and between themselves they commended the clever acting of the Trifaldi, who, returning to her seat, said, 'Queen Doa Maguncia reigned over the famous kingdom of Kandy, which lies between the great Trapobana and the Southern Sea, two leagues beyond Cape Comorin.
She was the widow of King Archipiela, her lord and husband, and of their marriage they had issue the Princess Antonomasia, heiress of the kingdom which Princess Antonomasia was reared and brought up under my care and direction, I being the oldest and highest in rank of her mother's duennas.
Time passed, and the young Antonomasia reached the age of fourteen, and such a perfection of beauty, that nature could not raise it higher. Then, it must not be supposed her intelligence was childish she was as intelligent as she was fair, and she was fairer than all the world and is so still, unless the envious fates and hardhearted sisters three have cut for her the thread of life.
But all his gallantry, wit, and gaiety, all his graces and accomplishments, would have been of little or no avail towards gaining the fortress of my pupil, had not the impudent thief taken the precaution of gaining me over first. First, the villain and heartless vagabond sought to win my goodwill and purchase my compliance, so as to get me, like a treacherous warder, to deliver up to him the keys of the fortress I had in charge.
In a word, he gained an influence over my mind, and overcame my resolutions with I know not what trinkets and jewels he gave me but it was some verses I heard him singing one night from a grating that opened on the street where he lived, that, more than anything else, made me give way and led to my fall and if I remember rightly they ran thus From that sweet enemy of mine My bleeding heart hath had its wound And to increase the pain I'm bound To suffer and to make no sign.
The lines seemed pearls to me and his voice sweet as syrup and afterwards, I may say ever since then, looking at the misfortune into which I have fallen, I have thought that poets, as Plato advised, ought to be banished from all wellordered States at least the amatory ones, for they write verses, not like those of 'The Marquis of Mantua,' that delight and draw tears from the women and children, but sharppointed conceits that pierce the heart like soft thorns, and like the lightning strike it, leaving the raiment uninjured.
Another time he sang Come Death, so subtly veiled that I Thy coming know not, how or when, Lest it should give me life again To find how sweet it is to die. and other verses and burdens of the same sort, such as enchant when sung and fascinate when written.
And then, when they condescend to compose a sort of verse that was at that time in vogue in Kandy, which they call seguidillas! Then it is that hearts leap and laughter breaks forth, and the body grows restless and all the senses turn quicksilver. And so I say, sirs, that these troubadours richly deserve to be banished to the isles of the lizards.
Though it is not they that are in fault, but the simpletons that extol them, and the fools that believe in them and had I been the faithful duenna I should have been, his stale conceits would have never moved me, nor should I have been taken in by such phrases as 'in death I live,' 'in ice I burn,' 'in flames I shiver,' 'hopeless I hope,' 'I go and stay,' and paradoxes of that sort which their writings are full of.
And then when they promise the Phnix of Arabia, the crown of Ariadne, the horses of the Sun, the pearls of the South, the gold of Tibar, and the balsam of Panchaia! Then it is they give a loose to their pens, for it costs them little to make promises they have no intention or power of fulfilling.
No, no, not that marriage must come first in any business of this sort that I take in hand. But there was one hitch in this case, which was that of inequality of rank, Don Clavijo being a private gentleman, and the Princess Antonomasia, as I said, heiress to the kingdom.
The entanglement remained for some time a secret, kept hidden by my cunning precautions, until I perceived that a certain expansion of waist in Antonomasia must before long disclose it, the dread of which made us all there take counsel together, and it was agreed that before the mischief came to light, Don Clavijo should demand Antonomasia as his wife before the Vicar, in virtue of an agreement to marry him made by the princess, and drafted by my wit in such binding terms that the might of Samson could not have broken it.
The necessary steps were taken the Vicar saw the agreement, and took the lady's confession she confessed everything in full, and he ordered her into the custody of a very worthy alguacil of the court. 'Are there alguacils of the court in Kandy, too, said Sancho at this, 'and poets, and seguidillas?
I swear I think the world is the same all over! But make haste, Seora Trifaldi for it is late, and I am dying to know the end of this long story. 'I will, replied the countess. By every word that Sancho uttered, the duchess was as much delighted as Don Quixote was driven to desperation.
He bade him hold his tongue, and the Distressed One went on to say 'At length, after much questioning and answering, as the princess held to her story, without changing or varying her previous declaration, the Vicar gave his decision in favour of Don Clavijo, and she was delivered over to him as his lawful wife which the Queen Doa Maguncia, the Princess Antonomasia's mother, so took to heart, that within the space of three days we buried her.
'Seor Squire, said Sancho, 'a man in a swoon has been known to be buried before now, in the belief that he was dead and it struck me that Queen Maguncia ought to have swooned rather than died because with life a great many things come right, and the princess's folly was not so great that she need feel it so keenly.
But to marry such an elegant accomplished gentleman as has been just now described to usindeed, indeed, though it was a folly, it was not such a great one as you think for according to the rules of my master hereand he won't allow me to lieas of men of letters bishops are made, so of gentlemen knights, specially if they be errant, kings and emperors may be made.
'Thou art right, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'for with a knighterrant, if he has but two fingers' breadth of good fortune, it is on the cards to become the mightiest lord on earth. But let seora the Distressed One proceed for I suspect she has got yet to tell us the bitter part of this so far sweet story.
'The bitter is indeed to come, said the countess 'and such bitter that colocynth is sweet and oleander toothsome in comparison. The queen, then, being dead, and not in a swoon, we buried her and hardly had we covered her with earth, hardly had we said our last farewells, when, quis talia fando temperet a lachrymis?
I was terrorstricken, my voice stuck in my throat, and I was in the deepest distress nevertheless I summoned up my strength as well as I could, and in a trembling and piteous voice I addressed such words to him as induced him to stay the infliction of a punishment so severe.
We at once put our hands up to our faces and found ourselves in the state you now see. Here the Distressed One and the other duennas raised the veils with which they were covered, and disclosed countenances all bristling with beards, some red, some black, some white, and some grizzled, at which spectacle the duke and duchess made a show of being filled with wonder.
Don Quixote and Sancho were overwhelmed with amazement, and the bystanders lost in astonishment, while the Trifaldi went on to say 'Thus did that malevolent villain Malambruno punish us, covering the tenderness and softness of our faces with these rough bristles! Would to heaven that he had swept off our heads with his enormous scimitar instead of obscuring the light of our countenances with these woolcombings that cover us!
For if we look into the matter, sirs (and what I am now going to say I would say with eyes flowing like fountains, only that the thought of our misfortune and the oceans they have already wept, keep them as dry as barley spears, and so I say it without tears), where, I ask, can a duenna with a beard go to?
What father or mother will feel pity for her? Who will help her? For, if even when she has a smooth skin, and a face tortured by a thousand kinds of washes and cosmetics, she can hardly get anybody to love her, what will she do when she shows a countenance turned into a thicket?
Verily and truly all those who find pleasure in histories like this ought show their gratitude to Cide Hamete, its original author, for the scrupulous care he has taken to set before us all its minute particulars, not leaving anything, however trifling it may be, that he does not make clear and plain.
He portrays the thoughts, he reveals the fancies, he answers implied questions, clears up doubts, sets objections at rest, and, in a word, makes plain the smallest points the most inquisitive can desire to know. O renowned author! O happy Don Quixote! O famous famous droll Sancho! All and each, may ye live countless ages for the delight and amusement of the dwellers on earth!
The history goes on to say that when Sancho saw the Distressed One faint he exclaimed 'I swear by the faith of an honest man and the shades of all my ancestors the Panzas, that never I did see or hear of, nor has my master related or conceived in his mind, such an adventure as this.
A thousand devilsnot to curse theetake thee, Malambruno, for an enchanter and a giant! Couldst thou find no other sort of punishment for these sinners but bearding them? Would it not have been betterit would have been better for themto have taken off half their noses from the middle upwards, even though they'd have snuffled when they spoke, than to have put beards on them?
'That is the truth, seor, said one of the twelve 'we have not the money to get ourselves shaved, and so we have, some of us, taken to using stickingplasters by way of an economical remedy, for by applying them to our faces and plucking them off with a jerk we are left as bare and smooth as the bottom of a stone mortar.
There are, to be sure, women in Kandy that go about from house to house to remove down, and trim eyebrows, and make cosmetics for the use of the women, but we, the duennas of my lady, would never let them in, for most of them have a flavour of agents that have ceased to be principals and if we are not relieved by Seor Don Quixote we shall be carried to our graves with beards.
At this instant the Trifaldi recovered from her swoon and said, 'The chink of that promise, valiant knight, reached my ears in the midst of my swoon, and has been the means of reviving me and bringing back my senses and so once more I implore you, illustrious errant, indomitable sir, to let your gracious promises be turned into deeds.
'There shall be no delay on my part, said Don Quixote. 'Bethink you, seora, of what I must do, for my heart is most eager to serve you. 'The fact is, replied the Distressed One, 'it is five thousand leagues, a couple more or less, from this to the kingdom of Kandy, if you go by land but if you go through the air and in a straight line, it is three thousand two hundred and twentyseven.
You must know, too, that Malambruno told me that, whenever fate provided the knight our deliverer, he himself would send him a steed far better and with less tricks than a posthorse for he will be that same wooden horse on which the valiant Pierres carried off the fair Magalona which said horse is guided by a peg he has in his forehead that serves for a bridle, and flies through the air with such rapidity that you would fancy the very devils were carrying him.
He lent him to Pierres, who was a friend of his, and who made long journeys with him, and, as has been said, carried off the fair Magalona, bearing her through the air on its haunches and making all who beheld them from the earth gape with astonishment and he never lent him save to those whom he loved or those who paid him well and since the great Pierres we know of no one having mounted him until now.
They all laughed, and the Distressed One continued 'And this same horse, if so be that Malambruno is disposed to put an end to our sufferings, will be here before us ere the night shall have advanced half an hour for he announced to me that the sign he would give me whereby I might know that I had found the knight I was in quest of, would be to send me the horse wherever he might be, speedily and promptly.
'And how many is there room for on this horse? asked Sancho. 'Two, said the Distressed One, 'one in the saddle, and the other on the croup and generally these two are knight and squire, when there is no damsel that's being carried off. 'I'd like to know, Seora Distressed One, said Sancho, 'what is the name of this horse?
'His name, said the Distressed One, 'is not the same as Bellerophon's horse that was called Pegasus, or Alexander the Great's, called Bucephalus, or Orlando Furioso's, the name of which was Brigliador, nor yet Bayard, the horse of Reinaldos of Montalvan, nor Frontino like Ruggiero's, nor Bootes or Peritoa, as they say the horses of the sun were called, nor is he called Orelia, like the horse on which the unfortunate Rodrigo, the last king of the Goths, rode to the battle where he lost his life and his kingdom.
'That is true, said the bearded countess, 'still it fits him very well, for he is called Clavileo the Swift, which name is in accordance with his being made of wood, with the peg he has in his forehead, and with the swift pace at which he travels and so, as far as name goes, he may compare with the famous Rocinante.
'I have said already, said the Trifaldi, 'that it is with a peg, by turning which to one side or the other the knight who rides him makes him go as he pleases, either through the upper air, or skimming and almost sweeping the earth, or else in that middle course that is sought and followed in all wellregulated proceedings.
'I'd like to see him, said Sancho 'but to fancy I'm going to mount him, either in the saddle or on the croup, is to ask pears of the elm tree. A good joke indeed! I can hardly keep my seat upon Dapple, and on a packsaddle softer than silk itself, and here they'd have me hold on upon haunches of plank without pad or cushion of any sort!
Gad, I have no notion of bruising myself to get rid of anyone's beard let each one shave himself as best he can I'm not going to accompany my master on any such long journey besides, I can't give any help to the shaving of these beards as I can to the disenchantment of my lady Dulcinea.
'Yes, you can, my friend, replied the Trifaldi 'and so much, that without you, so I understand, we shall be able to do nothing. 'In the king's name! exclaimed Sancho, 'what have squires got to do with the adventures of their masters? Are they to have the fame of such as they go through, and we the labour?
if the historians would only say, 'Such and such a knight finished such and such an adventure, but with the help of so and so, his squire, without which it would have been impossible for him to accomplish it' but they write curtly, 'Don Paralipomenon of the Three Stars accomplished the adventure of the six monsters' without mentioning such a person as his squire, who was there all the time, just as if there was no such being.
Once more, sirs, I say my master may go alone, and much good may it do him and I'll stay here in the company of my lady the duchess and maybe when he comes back, he will find the lady Dulcinea's affair ever so much advanced for I mean in leisure hours, and at idle moments, to give myself a spell of whipping without so much as a hair to cover me.
'For all that you must go if it be necessary, my good Sancho, said the duchess, 'for they are worthy folk who ask you and the faces of these ladies must not remain overgrown in this way because of your idle fears that would be a hard case indeed. 'In the king's name, once more!
said Sancho 'If this charitable work were to be done for the sake of damsels in confinement or charitygirls, a man might expose himself to some hardships but to bear it for the sake of stripping beards off duennas! Devil take it! I'd sooner see them all bearded, from the highest to the lowest, and from the most prudish to the most affected.
'You are very hard on duennas, Sancho my friend, said the duchess 'you incline very much to the opinion of the Toledo apothecary. But indeed you are wrong there are duennas in my house that may serve as patterns of duennas and here is my Doa Rodriguez, who will not allow me to say otherwise.
'Your excellence may say it if you like, said the Rodriguez 'for God knows the truth of everything and whether we duennas are good or bad, bearded or smooth, we are our mothers' daughters like other women and as God sent us into the world, he knows why he did, and on his mercy I rely, and not on anybody's beard.
'Well, Seora Rodriguez, Seora Trifaldi, and present company, said Don Quixote, 'I trust in Heaven that it will look with kindly eyes upon your troubles, for Sancho will do as I bid him. Only let Clavileo come and let me find myself face to face with Malambruno, and I am certain no razor will shave you more easily than my sword shall shave Malambruno's head off his shoulders for 'God bears with the wicked, but not for ever.' 'Ah!
exclaimed the Distressed One at this, 'may all the stars of the celestial regions look down upon your greatness with benign eyes, valiant knight, and shed every prosperity and valour upon your heart, that it may be the shield and safeguard of the abused and downtrodden race of duennas, detested by apothecaries, sneered at by squires, and made game of by pages.
Ill betide the jade that in the flower of her youth would not sooner become a nun than a duenna! Unfortunate beings that we are, we duennas! Though we may be descended in the direct male line from Hector of Troy himself, our mistresses never fail to address us as 'you' if they think it makes queens of them.
The Trifaldi said this in such a pathetic way that she drew tears from the eyes of all and even Sancho's filled up and he resolved in his heart to accompany his master to the uttermost ends of the earth, if so be the removal of the wool from those venerable countenances depended upon it.
And now night came, and with it the appointed time for the arrival of the famous horse Clavileo, the nonappearance of which was already beginning to make Don Quixote uneasy, for it struck him that, as Malambruno was so long about sending it, either he himself was not the knight for whom the adventure was reserved, or else Malambruno did not dare to meet him in single combat.
But lo! suddenly there came into the garden four wildmen all clad in green ivy bearing on their shoulders a great wooden horse. They placed it on its feet on the ground, and one of the wildmen said, 'Let the knight who has heart for it mount this machine. Here Sancho exclaimed, 'I don't mount, for neither have I the heart nor am I a knight.
It is but to turn this peg the horse has in his neck, and he will bear them through the air to where Malambruno awaits them but lest the vast elevation of their course should make them giddy, their eyes must be covered until the horse neighs, which will be the sign of their having completed their journey.
As soon as the Distressed One saw the horse, almost in tears she exclaimed to Don Quixote, 'Valiant knight, the promise of Malambruno has proved trustworthy the horse has come, our beards are growing, and by every hair in them all of us implore thee to shave and shear us, as it is only mounting him with thy squire and making a happy beginning with your new journey.
'That I won't, said Sancho, 'with goodwill or badwill, or any way at all and if this shaving can't be done without my mounting on the croup, my master had better look out for another squire to go with him, and these ladies for some other way of making their faces smooth I'm no witch to have a taste for travelling through the air.
'Say no more, seor, said Sancho 'I am a poor squire and not equal to carrying so much courtesy let my master mount bandage my eyes and commit me to God's care, and tell me if I may commend myself to our Lord or call upon the angels to protect me when we go towering up there.
To this the Trifaldi made answer, 'Sancho, you may freely commend yourself to God or whom you will for Malambruno though an enchanter is a Christian, and works his enchantments with great circumspection, taking very good care not to fall out with anyone. 'Well then, said Sancho, 'God and the most holy Trinity of Gaeta give me help!
'By God, said Sancho, 'but your worship must be out of your senses! This is like the common saying, 'You see me with child, and you want me a virgin.' Just as I'm about to go sitting on a bare board, your worship would have me score my backside! Indeed, your worship is not reasonable.
Let us be off to shave these duennas and on our return I promise on my word to make such haste to wipe off all that's due as will satisfy your worship I can't say more. 'Well, I will comfort myself with that promise, my good Sancho, replied Don Quixote, 'and I believe thou wilt keep it for indeed though stupid thou art veracious.
With this they went back to mount Clavileo, and as they were about to do so Don Quixote said, 'Cover thine eyes, Sancho, and mount for one who sends for us from lands so far distant cannot mean to deceive us for the sake of the paltry glory to be derived from deceiving persons who trust in him though all should turn out the contrary of what I hope, no malice will be able to dim the glory of having undertaken this exploit.
'Let us be off, seor, said Sancho, 'for I have taken the beards and tears of these ladies deeply to heart, and I shan't eat a bit to relish it until I have seen them restored to their former smoothness. Mount, your worship, and blindfold yourself, for if I am to go on the croup, it is plain the rider in the saddle must mount first.
'That is true, said Don Quixote, and, taking a handkerchief out of his pocket, he begged the Distressed One to bandage his eyes very carefully but after having them bandaged he uncovered them again, saying, 'If my memory does not deceive me, I have read in Virgil of the Palladium of Troy, a wooden horse the Greeks offered to the goddess Pallas, which was big with armed knights, who were afterwards the destruction of Troy so it would be as well to see, first of all, what Clavileo has in his stomach.
Don Quixote thought that to say anything further with regard to his safety would be putting his courage in an unfavourable light and so, without more words, he mounted Clavileo, and tried the peg, which turned easily and as he had no stirrups and his legs hung down, he looked like nothing so much as a figure in some Roman triumph painted or embroidered on a Flemish tapestry.
Much against the grain, and very slowly, Sancho proceeded to mount, and, after settling himself as well as he could on the croup, found it rather hard, and not at all soft, and asked the duke if it would be possible to oblige him with a pad of some kind, or a cushion even if it were off the couch of his lady the duchess, or the bed of one of the pages as the haunches of that horse were more like marble than wood.
Sancho did so, and, bidding them farewell, allowed his eyes to be bandaged, but immediately afterwards uncovered them again, and looking tenderly and tearfully on those in the garden, bade them help him in his present strait with plenty of Paternosters and Ave Marias, that God might provide someone to say as many for them, whenever they found themselves in a similar emergency.
At this Don Quixote exclaimed, 'Art thou on the gallows, thief, or at thy last moment, to use pitiful entreaties of that sort? Cowardly, spiritless creature, art thou not in the very place the fair Magalona occupied, and from which she descended, not into the grave, but to become Queen of France unless the histories lie?
And I who am here beside thee, may I not put myself on a par with the valiant Pierres, who pressed this very spot that I now press? Cover thine eyes, cover thine eyes, abject animal, and let not thy fear escape thy lips, at least in my presence. 'Blindfold me, said Sancho 'as you won't let me commend myself or be commended to God, is it any wonder if I am afraid there is a region of devils about here that will carry us off to Peralvillo?
They were then blindfolded, and Don Quixote, finding himself settled to his satisfaction, felt for the peg, and the instant he placed his fingers on it, all the duennas and all who stood by lifted up their voices exclaiming, 'God guide thee, valiant knight! God be with thee, intrepid squire!
Now, now ye go cleaving the air more swiftly than an arrow! Now ye begin to amaze and astonish all who are gazing at you from the earth! Take care not to wobble about, valiant Sancho! Mind thou fall not, for thy fall will be worse than that rash youth's who tried to steer the chariot of his father the Sun!
'Don't mind that, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'for as affairs of this sort, and flights like this are out of the common course of things, you can see and hear as much as you like a thousand leagues off but don't squeeze me so tight or thou wilt upset me and really I know not what thou hast to be uneasy or frightened at, for I can safely swear I never mounted a smoothergoing steed all the days of my life one would fancy we never stirred from one place.
'That's true, said Sancho, 'for such a strong wind comes against me on this side, that it seems as if people were blowing on me with a thousand pair of bellows which was the case they were puffing at him with a great pair of bellows for the whole adventure was so well planned by the duke, the duchess, and their majordomo, that nothing was omitted to make it perfectly successful.
Don Quixote now, feeling the blast, said, 'Beyond a doubt, Sancho, we must have already reached the second region of the air, where the hail and snow are generated the thunder, the lightning, and the thunderbolts are engendered in the third region, and if we go on ascending at this rate, we shall shortly plunge into the region of fire, and I know not how to regulate this peg, so as not to mount up where we shall be burned.
And now they began to warm their faces, from a distance, with tow that could be easily set on fire and extinguished again, fixed on the end of a cane. On feeling the heat Sancho said, 'May I die if we are not already in that fire place, or very near it, for a good part of my beard has been singed, and I have a mind, seor, to uncover and see whereabouts we are.
So that, Sancho, it will not do for us to uncover ourselves, for he who has us in charge will be responsible for us and perhaps we are gaining an altitude and mounting up to enable us to descend at one swoop on the kingdom of Kandy, as the saker or falcon does on the heron, so as to seize it however high it may soar and though it seems to us not half an hour since we left the garden, believe me we must have travelled a great distance.
The duke, the duchess, and all in the garden were listening to the conversation of the two heroes, and were beyond measure amused by it and now, desirous of putting a finishing touch to this rare and wellcontrived adventure, they applied a light to Clavileo's tail with some tow, and the horse, being full of squibs and crackers, immediately blew up with a prodigious noise, and brought Don Quixote and Sancho Panza to the ground half singed.
The duke came to himself slowly and like one recovering consciousness after a heavy sleep, and the duchess and all who had fallen prostrate about the garden did the same, with such demonstrations of wonder and amazement that they would have almost persuaded one that what they pretended so adroitly in jest had happened to them in reality.
Sancho kept looking about for the Distressed One, to see what her face was like without the beard, and if she was as fair as her elegant person promised but they told him that, the instant Clavileo descended flaming through the air and came to the ground, the whole band of duennas with the Trifaldi vanished, and that they were already shaved and without a stump left.
To this the duchess said, 'Sancho, my friend, mind what you are saying it seems you could not have seen the earth, but only the men walking on it for if the earth looked to you like a grain of mustard seed, and each man like a hazel nut, one man alone would have covered the whole earth.
And it so happened we came by where the seven goats are, and by God and upon my soul, as in my youth I was a goatherd in my own country, as soon as I saw them I felt a longing to be among them for a little, and if I had not given way to it I think I'd have burst.
So I come and take, and what do I do? without saying anything to anybody, not even to my master, softly and quietly I got down from Clavileo and amused myself with the goatswhich are like violets, like flowersfor nigh threequarters of an hour and Clavileo never stirred or moved from one spot.
To which Don Quixote replied, 'As all these things and such like occurrences are out of the ordinary course of nature, it is no wonder that Sancho says what he does for my own part I can only say that I did not uncover my eyes either above or below, nor did I see sky or earth or sea or shore.
It is true I felt that I was passing through the region of the air, and even that I touched that of fire but that we passed farther I cannot believe for the region of fire being between the heaven of the moon and the last region of the air, we could not have reached that heaven where the seven goats Sancho speaks of are without being burned and as we were not burned, either Sancho is lying or Sancho is dreaming.
'I am neither lying nor dreaming, said Sancho 'only ask me the tokens of those same goats, and you'll see by that whether I'm telling the truth or not. 'Tell us them then, Sancho, said the duchess. 'Two of them, said Sancho, 'are green, two bloodred, two blue, and one a mixture of all colours.
'An odd sort of goat, that, said the duke 'in this earthly region of ours we have no such colours I mean goats of such colours. 'That's very plain, said Sancho 'of course there must be a difference between the goats of heaven and the goats of the earth. 'Tell me, Sancho, said the duke, 'did you see any hegoat among those goats?
'No, seor, said Sancho 'but I have heard say that none ever passed the horns of the moon. They did not care to ask him anything more about his journey, for they saw he was in the vein to go rambling all over the heavens giving an account of everything that went on there, without having ever stirred from the garden.
Such, in short, was the end of the adventure of the Distressed Duenna, which gave the duke and duchess laughing matter not only for the time being, but for all their lives, and Sancho something to talk about for ages, if he lived so long but Don Quixote, coming close to his ear, said to him, 'Sancho, as you would have us believe what you saw in heaven, I require you to believe me as to what I saw in the cave of Montesinos I say no more.
So having laid their plans and given instructions to their servants and vassals how to behave to Sancho in his government of the promised island, the next day, that following Clavileo's flight, the duke told Sancho to prepare and get ready to go and be governor, for his islanders were already looking out for him as for the showers of May.
Sancho made him an obeisance, and said, 'Ever since I came down from heaven, and from the top of it beheld the earth, and saw how little it is, the great desire I had to be a governor has been partly cooled in me for what is there grand in being ruler on a grain of mustard seed, or what dignity or authority in governing half a dozen men about as big as hazel nuts for, so far as I could see, there were no more on the whole earth?
If your lordship would be so good as to give me ever so small a bit of heaven, were it no more than half a league, I'd rather have it than the best island in the world. 'Recollect, Sancho, said the duke, 'I cannot give a bit of heaven, no not so much as the breadth of my nail, to anyone rewards and favours of that sort are reserved for God alone.
'Well then, said Sancho, 'let the island come and I'll try and be such a governor, that in spite of scoundrels I'll go to heaven and it's not from any craving to quit my own humble condition or better myself, but from the desire I have to try what it tastes like to be a governor.
Depend upon it when your master comes to be emperor (as he will beyond a doubt from the course his affairs are taking), it will be no easy matter to wrest the dignity from him, and he will be sore and sorry at heart to have been so long without becoming one.
'May I be buried with you, Sancho, said the duke, 'but you know everything I hope you will make as good a governor as your sagacity promises and that is all I have to say and now remember tomorrow is the day you must set out for the government of the island, and this evening they will provide you with the proper attire for you to wear, and all things requisite for your departure.
'Let them dress me as they like, said Sancho 'however I'm dressed I'll be Sancho Panza. 'That's true, said the duke 'but one's dress must be suited to the office or rank one holds for it would not do for a jurist to dress like a soldier, or a soldier like a priest.
You, Sancho, shall go partly as a lawyer, partly as a captain, for, in the island I am giving you, arms are needed as much as letters, and letters as much as arms. 'Of letters I know but little, said Sancho, 'for I don't even know the A B C but it is enough for me to have the Christus in my memory to be a good governor.
Here Don Quixote joined them and learning what passed, and how soon Sancho was to go to his government, he with the duke's permission took him by the hand, and retired to his room with him for the purpose of giving him advice as to how he was to demean himself in his office.
As soon as they had entered the chamber he closed the door after him, and almost by force made Sancho sit down beside him, and in a quiet tone thus addressed him 'I give infinite thanks to heaven, friend Sancho, that, before I have met with any good luck, fortune has come forward to meet thee.
Some will bribe, beg, solicit, rise early, entreat, persist, without attaining the object of their suit while another comes, and without knowing why or wherefore, finds himself invested with the place or office so many have sued for and here it is that the common saying, 'There is good luck as well as bad luck in suits,' applies.
Thou, who, to my thinking, art beyond all doubt a dullard, without early rising or night watching or taking any trouble, with the mere breath of knighterrantry that has breathed upon thee, seest thyself without more ado governor of an island, as though it were a mere matter of course.
With a heart, then, inclined to believe what I have said to thee, attend, my son, to thy Cato here who would counsel thee and be thy polestar and guide to direct and pilot thee to a safe haven out of this stormy sea wherein thou art about to ingulf thyself for offices and great trusts are nothing else but a mighty gulf of troubles.
'First of all, my son, thou must fear God, for in the fear of him is wisdom, and being wise thou canst not err in aught. 'Secondly, thou must keep in view what thou art, striving to know thyself, the most difficult thing to know that the mind can imagine.
If thou knowest thyself, it will follow thou wilt not puff thyself up like the frog that strove to make himself as large as the ox if thou dost, the recollection of having kept pigs in thine own country will serve as the ugly feet for the wheel of thy folly.
'That's the truth, said Sancho 'but that was when I was a boy afterwards when I was something more of a man it was geese I kept, not pigs. But to my thinking that has nothing to do with it for all who are governors don't come of a kingly stock.
'True, said Don Quixote, 'and for that reason those who are not of noble origin should take care that the dignity of the office they hold be accompanied by a gentle suavity, which wisely managed will save them from the sneers of malice that no station escapes. 'Glory in thy humble birth, Sancho, and be not ashamed of saying thou art peasantborn for when it is seen thou art not ashamed no one will set himself to put thee to the blush and pride thyself rather upon being one of lowly virtue than a lofty sinner.
'Remember, Sancho, if thou make virtue thy aim, and take a pride in doing virtuous actions, thou wilt have no cause to envy those who have princely and lordly ones, for blood is an inheritance, but virtue an acquisition, and virtue has in itself alone a worth that blood does not possess.
'This being so, if perchance anyone of thy kinsfolk should come to see thee when thou art in thine island, thou art not to repel or slight him, but on the contrary to welcome him, entertain him, and make much of him for in so doing thou wilt be approved of heaven (which is not pleased that any should despise what it hath made), and wilt comply with the laws of wellordered nature.
'If thou carriest thy wife with thee (and it is not well for those that administer governments to be long without their wives), teach and instruct her, and strive to smooth down her natural roughness for all that may be gained by a wise governor may be lost and wasted by a boorish stupid wife.
'If perchance thou art left a widowera thing which may happenand in virtue of thy office seekest a consort of higher degree, choose not one to serve thee for a hook, or for a fishingrod, or for the hood of thy 'won't have it' for verily, I tell thee, for all the judge's wife receives, the husband will be held accountable at the general calling to account where he will have repay in death fourfold, items that in life he regarded as naught.
'Never go by arbitrary law, which is so much favoured by ignorant men who plume themselves on cleverness. 'Let the tears of the poor man find with thee more compassion, but not more justice, than the pleadings of the rich. 'Strive to lay bare the truth, as well amid the promises and presents of the rich man, as amid the sobs and entreaties of the poor.
'When equity may and should be brought into play, press not the utmost rigour of the law against the guilty for the reputation of the stern judge stands not higher than that of the compassionate. 'If perchance thou permittest the staff of justice to swerve, let it be not by the weight of a gift, but by that of mercy.
'If it should happen to thee to give judgment in the cause of one who is thine enemy, turn thy thoughts away from thy injury and fix them on the justice of the case. 'Let not thine own passion blind thee in another man's cause for the errors thou wilt thus commit will be most frequently irremediable or if not, only to be remedied at the expense of thy good name and even of thy fortune.
'If any handsome woman come to seek justice of thee, turn away thine eyes from her tears and thine ears from her lamentations, and consider deliberately the merits of her demand, if thou wouldst not have thy reason swept away by her weeping, and thy rectitude by her sighs. 'Abuse not by word him whom thou hast to punish in deed, for the pain of punishment is enough for the unfortunate without the addition of thine objurgations.
'Bear in mind that the culprit who comes under thy jurisdiction is but a miserable man subject to all the propensities of our depraved nature, and so far as may be in thy power show thyself lenient and forbearing for though the attributes of God are all equal, to our eyes that of mercy is brighter and loftier than that of justice.
'If thou followest these precepts and rules, Sancho, thy days will be long, thy fame eternal, thy reward abundant, thy felicity unutterable thou wilt marry thy children as thou wouldst they and thy grandchildren will bear titles thou wilt live in peace and concord with all men and, when life draws to a close, death will come to thee in calm and ripe old age, and the light and loving hands of thy greatgrandchildren will close thine eyes.
'What I have thus far addressed to thee are instructions for the adornment of thy mind listen now to those which tend to that of the body. Who, hearing the foregoing discourse of Don Quixote, would not have set him down for a person of great good sense and greater rectitude of purpose?
But, as has been frequently observed in the course of this great history, he only talked nonsense when he touched on chivalry, and in discussing all other subjects showed that he had a clear and unbiassed understanding so that at every turn his acts gave the lie to his intellect, and his intellect to his acts but in the case of these second counsels that he gave Sancho, he showed himself to have a lively turn of humour, and displayed conspicuously his wisdom, and also his folly.
Don Quixote, then, went on to say 'With regard to the mode in which thou shouldst govern thy person and thy house, Sancho, the first charge I have to give thee is to be clean, and to cut thy nails, not letting them grow as some do, whose ignorance makes them fancy that long nails are an ornament to their hands, as if those excrescences they neglect to cut were nails, and not the talons of a lizardcatching kestrela filthy and unnatural abuse.
'Ascertain cautiously what thy office may be worth and if it will allow thee to give liveries to thy servants, give them respectable and serviceable, rather than showy and gay ones, and divide them between thy servants and the poor that is to say, if thou canst clothe six pages, clothe three and three poor men, and thus thou wilt have pages for heaven and pages for earth the vainglorious never think of this new mode of giving liveries.
'Eat not garlic nor onions, lest they find out thy boorish origin by the smell walk slowly and speak deliberately, but not in such a way as to make it seem thou art listening to thyself, for all affectation is bad. 'Dine sparingly and sup more sparingly still for the health of the whole body is forged in the workshop of the stomach.
'To eruct, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'means to belch, and that is one of the filthiest words in the Spanish language, though a very expressive one and therefore nice folk have had recourse to the Latin, and instead of belch say eruct, and instead of belches say eructations and if some do not understand these terms it matters little, for custom will bring them into use in the course of time, so that they will be readily understood this is the way a language is enriched custom and the public are allpowerful there.
'In truth, seor, said Sancho, 'one of the counsels and cautions I mean to bear in mind shall be this, not to belch, for I'm constantly doing it. 'Eruct, Sancho, not belch, said Don Quixote. 'Eruct, I shall say henceforth, and I swear not to forget it, said Sancho. 'Likewise, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'thou must not mingle such a quantity of proverbs in thy discourse as thou dost for though proverbs are short maxims, thou dost drag them in so often by the head and shoulders that they savour more of nonsense than of maxims.
'God alone can cure that, said Sancho 'for I have more proverbs in me than a book, and when I speak they come so thick together into my mouth that they fall to fighting among themselves to get out that's why my tongue lets fly the first that come, though they may not be pat to the purpose.
But I'll take care henceforward to use such as befit the dignity of my office for 'in a house where there's plenty, supper is soon cooked,' and 'he who binds does not wrangle,' and 'the bellringer's in a safe berth,' and 'giving and keeping require brains.' 'That's it, Sancho! said Don Quixote 'pack, tack, string proverbs together nobody is hindering thee!
'My mother beats me, and I go on with my tricks.' I am bidding thee avoid proverbs, and here in a second thou hast shot out a whole litany of them, which have as much to do with what we are talking about as 'over the hills of beda.' Mind, Sancho, I do not say that a proverb aptly brought in is objectionable but to pile up and string together proverbs at random makes conversation dull and vulgar.
'When thou ridest on horseback, do not go lolling with thy body on the back of the saddle, nor carry thy legs stiff or sticking out from the horse's belly, nor yet sit so loosely that one would suppose thou wert on Dapple for the seat on a horse makes gentlemen of some and grooms of others.
'The last counsel I will give thee now, though it does not tend to bodily improvement, I would have thee carry carefully in thy memory, for I believe it will be no less useful to thee than those I have given thee already, and it is thisnever engage in a dispute about families, at least in the way of comparing them one with another for necessarily one of those compared will be better than the other, and thou wilt be hated by the one thou hast disparaged, and get nothing in any shape from the one thou hast exalted.
'Thy attire shall be hose of full length, a long jerkin, and a cloak a trifle longer loose breeches by no means, for they are becoming neither for gentlemen nor for governors. 'For the present, Sancho, this is all that has occurred to me to advise thee as time goes by and occasions arise my instructions shall follow, if thou take care to let me know how thou art circumstanced.
To be sure that about not letting my nails grow, and marrying again if I have the chance, will not slip out of my head but all that other hash, muddle, and jumbleI don't and can't recollect any more of it than of last year's clouds so it must be given me in writing for though I can't either read or write, I'll give it to my confessor, to drive it into me and remind me of it whenever it is necessary.
said Don Quixote, 'how bad it looks in governors not to know how to read or write for let me tell thee, Sancho, when a man knows not how to read, or is lefthanded, it argues one of two things either that he was the son of exceedingly mean and lowly parents, or that he himself was so incorrigible and illconditioned that neither good company nor good teaching could make any impression on him.
It is a great defect that thou labourest under, and therefore I would have thee learn at any rate to sign thy name. 'I can sign my name well enough, said Sancho, 'for when I was steward of the brotherhood in my village I learned to make certain letters, like the marks on bales of goods, which they told me made out my name.
Besides I can pretend my right hand is disabled and make someone else sign for me, for 'there's a remedy for everything except death' and as I shall be in command and hold the staff, I can do as I like moreover, 'he who has the alcalde for his father,' and I'll be governor, and that's higher than alcalde.
Let them make light of me and abuse me 'they'll come for wool and go back shorn' 'whom God loves, his house is known to Him' 'the silly sayings of the rich pass for saws in the world' and as I'll be rich, being a governor, and at the same time generous, as I mean to be, no fault will be seen in me.
'Only make yourself honey and the flies will suck you' 'as much as thou hast so much art thou worth,' as my grandmother used to say and 'thou canst have no revenge of a man of substance.' 'Oh, God's curse upon thee, Sancho! here exclaimed Don Quixote 'sixty thousand devils fly away with thee and thy proverbs!
For the last hour thou hast been stringing them together and inflicting the pangs of torture on me with every one of them. Those proverbs will bring thee to the gallows one day, I promise thee thy subjects will take the government from thee, or there will be revolts among them.
Tell me, where dost thou pick them up, thou booby? How dost thou apply them, thou blockhead? For with me, to utter one and make it apply properly, I have to sweat and labour as if I were digging. 'By God, master mine, said Sancho, 'your worship is making a fuss about very little.
'What can be better, said Sancho, 'than 'never put thy thumbs between two back teeth' and 'to 'get out of my house and 'what do you want with my wife? there is no answer' and 'whether the pitcher hits the stone, or the stone the pitcher, it's a bad business for the pitcher' all which fit to a hair?
For no one should quarrel with his governor, or him in authority over him, because he will come off the worst, as he does who puts his finger between two back and if they are not back teeth it makes no difference, so long as they are teeth and to whatever the governor may say there's no answer, any more than to 'get out of my house' and 'what do you want with my wife?' and then, as for that about the stone and the pitcher, a blind man could see that.
God guide thee, Sancho, and govern thee in thy government, and deliver me from the misgiving I have that thou wilt turn the whole island upside down, a thing I might easily prevent by explaining to the duke what thou art and telling him that all that fat little person of thine is nothing else but a sack full of proverbs and sauciness.
'Seor, said Sancho, 'if your worship thinks I'm not fit for this government, I give it up on the spot for the mere black of the nail of my soul is dearer to me than my whole body and I can live just as well, simple Sancho, on bread and onions, as governor, on partridges and capons and what's more, while we're asleep we're all equal, great and small, rich and poor.
But if your worship looks into it, you will see it was your worship alone that put me on to this business of governing for I know no more about the government of islands than a buzzard and if there's any reason to think that because of my being a governor the devil will get hold of me, I'd rather go Sancho to heaven than governor to hell.
Thou hast good natural instincts, without which no knowledge is worth anything commend thyself to God, and try not to swerve in the pursuit of thy main object I mean, always make it thy aim and fixed purpose to do right in all matters that come before thee, for heaven always helps good intentions and now let us go to dinner, for I think my lord and lady are waiting for us.
It is stated, they say, in the true original of this history, that when Cide Hamete came to write this chapter, his interpreter did not translate it as he wrote itthat is, as a kind of complaint the Moor made against himself for having taken in hand a story so dry and of so little variety as this of Don Quixote, for he found himself forced to speak perpetually of him and Sancho, without venturing to indulge in digressions and episodes more serious and more interesting.
He said, too, that to go on, mind, hand, pen always restricted to writing upon one single subject, and speaking through the mouths of a few characters, was intolerable drudgery, the result of which was never equal to the author's labour, and that to avoid this he had in the First Part availed himself of the device of novels, like 'The Illadvised Curiosity, and 'The Captive Captain, which stand, as it were, apart from the story the others are given there being incidents which occurred to Don Quixote himself and could not be omitted.
He also thought, he says, that many, engrossed by the interest attaching to the exploits of Don Quixote, would take none in the novels, and pass them over hastily or impatiently without noticing the elegance and art of their composition, which would be very manifest were they published by themselves and not as mere adjuncts to the crazes of Don Quixote or the simplicities of Sancho.
And so he goes on with his story, saying that the day Don Quixote gave the counsels to Sancho, the same afternoon after dinner he handed them to him in writing so that he might get someone to read them to him. They had scarcely, however, been given to him when he let them drop, and they fell into the hands of the duke, who showed them to the duchess and they were both amazed afresh at the madness and wit of Don Quixote.
It happened that the person who had him in charge was a majordomo of the duke's, a man of great discretion and humourand there can be no humour without discretionand the same who played the part of the Countess Trifaldi in the comical way that has been already described and thus qualified, and instructed by his master and mistress as to how to deal with Sancho, he carried out their scheme admirably.
Now it came to pass that as soon as Sancho saw this majordomo he seemed in his features to recognise those of the Trifaldi, and turning to his master, he said to him, 'Seor, either the devil will carry me off, here on this spot, righteous and believing, or your worship will own to me that the face of this majordomo of the duke's here is the very face of the Distressed One.
Don Quixote regarded the majordomo attentively, and having done so, said to Sancho, 'There is no reason why the devil should carry thee off, Sancho, either righteous or believingand what thou meanest by that I know not the face of the Distressed One is that of the majordomo, but for all that the majordomo is not the Distressed One for his being so would involve a mighty contradiction but this is not the time for going into questions of the sort, which would be involving ourselves in an inextricable labyrinth.
Believe me, my friend, we must pray earnestly to our Lord that he deliver us both from wicked wizards and enchanters. 'It is no joke, seor, said Sancho, 'for before this I heard him speak, and it seemed exactly as if the voice of the Trifaldi was sounding in my ears.
Well, I'll hold my peace but I'll take care to be on the lookout henceforth for any sign that may be seen to confirm or do away with this suspicion. 'Thou wilt do well, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'and thou wilt let me know all thou discoverest, and all that befalls thee in thy government.
Behind him, in accordance with the duke's orders, followed Dapple with brand new asstrappings and ornaments of silk, and from time to time Sancho turned round to look at his ass, so well pleased to have him with him that he would not have changed places with the emperor of Germany.
On taking leave he kissed the hands of the duke and duchess and got his master's blessing, which Don Quixote gave him with tears, and he received blubbering. Let worthy Sancho go in peace, and good luck to him, Gentle Reader and look out for two bushels of laughter, which the account of how he behaved himself in office will give thee.
In the meantime turn thy attention to what happened his master the same night, and if thou dost not laugh thereat, at any rate thou wilt stretch thy mouth with a grin for Don Quixote's adventures must be honoured either with wonder or with laughter. It is recorded, then, that as soon as Sancho had gone, Don Quixote felt his loneliness, and had it been possible for him to revoke the mandate and take away the government from him he would have done so.
'The truth is, seora, replied Don Quixote, 'that I do feel the loss of Sancho but that is not the main cause of my looking sad and of all the offers your excellence makes me, I accept only the goodwill with which they are made, and as to the remainder I entreat of your excellence to permit and allow me alone to wait upon myself in my chamber.
'Indeed, Seor Don Quixote, said the duchess, 'that must not be four of my damsels, as beautiful as flowers, shall wait upon you. 'To me, said Don Quixote, 'they will not be flowers, but thorns to pierce my heart. They, or anything like them, shall as soon enter my chamber as fly.
If your highness wishes to gratify me still further, though I deserve it not, permit me to please myself, and wait upon myself in my own room for I place a barrier between my inclinations and my virtue, and I do not wish to break this rule through the generosity your highness is disposed to display towards me and, in short, I will sleep in my clothes, sooner than allow anyone to undress me.
'Say no more, Seor Don Quixote, say no more, said the duchess 'I assure you I will give orders that not even a fly, not to say a damsel, shall enter your room. I am not the one to undermine the propriety of Seor Don Quixote, for it strikes me that among his many virtues the one that is preeminent is that of modesty.
Your worship may undress and dress in private and in your own way, as you please and when you please, for there will be no one to hinder you and in your chamber you will find all the utensils requisite to supply the wants of one who sleeps with his door locked, to the end that no natural needs compel you to open it.
May the great Dulcinea del Toboso live a thousand years, and may her fame extend all over the surface of the globe, for she deserves to be loved by a knight so valiant and so virtuous and may kind heaven infuse zeal into the heart of our governor Sancho Panza to finish off his discipline speedily, so that the world may once more enjoy the beauty of so grand a lady.
To which Don Quixote replied, 'Your highness has spoken like what you are from the mouth of a noble lady nothing bad can come and Dulcinea will be more fortunate, and better known to the world by the praise of your highness than by all the eulogies the greatest orators on earth could bestow upon her.
'Well, well, Seor Don Quixote, said the duchess, it is nearly suppertime, and the duke is probably waiting come let us go to supper, and retire to rest early, for the journey you made yesterday from Kandy was not such a short one but that it must have caused you some fatigue.
'I feel none, seora, said Don Quixote, 'for I would go so far as to swear to your excellence that in all my life I never mounted a quieter beast, or a pleasanter paced one, than Clavileo and I don't know what could have induced Malambruno to discard a steed so swift and so gentle, and burn it so recklessly as he did.
'Probably, said the duchess, 'repenting of the evil he had done to the Trifaldi and company, and others, and the crimes he must have committed as a wizard and enchanter, he resolved to make away with all the instruments of his craft and so burned Clavileo as the chief one, and that which mainly kept him restless, wandering from land to land and by its ashes and the trophy of the placard the valour of the great Don Quixote of La Mancha is established for ever.
Don Quixote renewed his thanks to the duchess and having supped, retired to his chamber alone, refusing to allow anyone to enter with him to wait on him, such was his fear of encountering temptations that might lead or drive him to forget his chaste fidelity to his lady Dulcinea for he had always present to his mind the virtue of Amadis, that flower and mirror of knightserrant.
He locked the door behind him, and by the light of two wax candles undressed himself, but as he was taking off his stockingsO disaster unworthy of such a personage!there came a burst, not of sighs, or anything belying his delicacy or good breeding, but of some two dozen stitches in one of his stockings, that made it look like a windowlattice.
I know not what could have possessed the great Cordovan poet to call thee 'holy gift ungratefully received.' Although a Moor, I know well enough from the intercourse I have had with Christians that holiness consists in charity, humility, faith, obedience, and poverty but for all that, I say he must have a great deal of godliness who can find any satisfaction in being poor unless, indeed, it be the kind of poverty one of their greatest saints refers to, saying, 'possess all things as though ye possessed them not' which is what they call poverty in spirit.
But thou, that other povertyfor it is of thee I am speaking nowwhy dost thou love to fall out with gentlemen and men of good birth more than with other people? Why dost thou compel them to smear the cracks in their shoes, and to have the buttons of their coats, one silk, another hair, and another glass?
Why must their ruffs be always crinkled like endive leaves, and not crimped with a crimping iron? (From this we may perceive the antiquity of starch and crimped ruffs.) Then he goes on 'Poor gentleman of good family! always cockering up his honour, dining miserably and in secret, and making a hypocrite of the toothpick with which he sallies out into the street after eating nothing to oblige him to use it!
Poor fellow, I say, with his nervous honour, fancying they perceive a league off the patch on his shoe, the sweatstains on his hat, the shabbiness of his cloak, and the hunger of his stomach! All this was brought home to Don Quixote by the bursting of his stitches however, he comforted himself on perceiving that Sancho had left behind a pair of travelling boots, which he resolved to wear the next day.
At last he went to bed, out of spirits and heavy at heart, as much because he missed Sancho as because of the irreparable disaster to his stockings, the stitches of which he would have even taken up with silk of another colour, which is one of the greatest signs of poverty a gentleman can show in the course of his neverfailing embarrassments.
'Heed not that, dear Altisidora, replied a voice 'the duchess is no doubt asleep, and everybody in the house save the lord of thy heart and disturber of thy soul for just now I perceived him open the grated window of his chamber, so he must be awake sing, my poor sufferer, in a low sweet tone to the accompaniment of thy harp and even if the duchess hears us we can lay the blame on the heat of the night.
'That is not the point, Emerencia, replied Altisidora, 'it is that I would not that my singing should lay bare my heart, and that I should be thought a light and wanton maiden by those who know not the mighty power of love but come what may better a blush on the cheeks than a sore in the heart and here a harp softly touched made itself heard.
As he listened to all this Don Quixote was in a state of breathless amazement, for immediately the countless adventures like this, with windows, gratings, gardens, serenades, lovemakings, and languishings, that he had read of in his trashy books of chivalry, came to his mind. He at once concluded that some damsel of the duchess's was in love with him, and that her modesty forced her to keep her passion secret.
He trembled lest he should fall, and made an inward resolution not to yield and commending himself with all his might and soul to his lady Dulcinea he made up his mind to listen to the music and to let them know he was there he gave a pretended sneeze, at which the damsels were not a little delighted, for all they wanted was that Don Quixote should hear them.
So having tuned the harp, Altisidora, running her hand across the strings, began this ballad O thou that art above in bed, Between the holland sheets, Alying there from night till morn, With outstretched legs asleep O thou, most valiant knight of all The famed Manchegan breed, Of purity and virtue more Than gold of Araby Give ear unto a suffering maid, Wellgrown but evilstarr'd, For those two suns of thine have lit A fire within her heart.
Adventures seeking thou dost rove, To others bringing woe Thou scatterest wounds, but, ah, the balm To heal them dost withhold! Say, valiant youth, and so may God Thy enterprises speed, Didst thou the light mid Libya's sands Or Jaca's rocks first see? Did scaly serpents give thee suck? Who nursed thee when a babe?
Wert cradled in the forest rude, Or gloomy mountain cave? O Dulcinea may be proud, That plump and lusty maid For she alone hath had the power A tiger fierce to tame. And she for this shall famous be From Tagus to Jarama, From Manzanares to Genil, From Duero to Arlanza.
Fain would I change with her, and give A petticoat to boot, The best and bravest that I have, All trimmed with gold galloon. O for to be the happy fair Thy mighty arms enfold, Or even sit beside thy bed And scratch thy dusty poll! I rave,to favours such as these Unworthy to aspire Thy feet to tickle were enough For one so mean as I.
What caps, what slippers silverlaced, Would I on thee bestow! What damask breeches make for thee What fine long holland cloaks! And I would give thee pearls that should As big as oakgalls show So matchless big that each might well Be called the great 'Alone. Manchegan Nero, look not down From thy Tarpeian Rock Upon this burning heart, nor add The fuel of thy wrath.
A virgin soft and young am I, Not yet fifteen years old (I'm only three months past fourteen, I swear upon my soul). I hobble not nor do I limp, All blemish I'm without, And as I walk my lily locks Are trailing on the ground. And though my nose be rather flat, And though my mouth be wide, My teeth like topazes exalt My beauty to the sky.
Here the lay of the heartstricken Altisidora came to an end, while the warmly wooed Don Quixote began to feel alarm and with a deep sigh he said to himself, 'O that I should be such an unlucky knight that no damsel can set eyes on me but falls in love with me!
O that the peerless Dulcinea should be so unfortunate that they cannot let her enjoy my incomparable constancy in peace! What would ye with her, ye queens? Why do ye persecute her, ye empresses? Why ye pursue her, ye virgins of from fourteen to fifteen? Leave the unhappy being to triumph, rejoice and glory in the lot love has been pleased to bestow upon her in surrendering my heart and yielding up my soul to her.
Nature sent me into the world to be hers and no other's Altisidora may weep or sing, the lady for whose sake they belaboured me in the castle of the enchanted Moor may give way to despair, but I must be Dulcinea's, boiled or roast, pure, courteous, and chaste, in spite of all the magicworking powers on earth.
And with that he shut the window with a bang, and, as much out of temper and out of sorts as if some great misfortune had befallen him, stretched himself on his bed, where we will leave him for the present, as the great Sancho Panza, who is about to set up his famous government, now demands our attention.
To thee, O Sun, by whose aid man begetteth man, to thee I appeal to help me and lighten the darkness of my wit that I may be able to proceed with scrupulous exactitude in giving an account of the great Sancho Panza's government for without thee I feel myself weak, feeble, and uncertain.
To come to the point, thenSancho with all his attendants arrived at a village of some thousand inhabitants, and one of the largest the duke possessed. They informed him that it was called the island of Barataria, either because the name of the village was Baratario, or because of the joke by way of which the government had been conferred upon him.
On reaching the gates of the town, which was a walled one, the municipality came forth to meet him, the bells rang out a peal, and the inhabitants showed every sign of general satisfaction and with great pomp they conducted him to the principal church to give thanks to God, and then with burlesque ceremonies they presented him with the keys of the town, and acknowledged him as perpetual governor of the island of Barataria.
Finally, leading him out of the church they carried him to the judgment seat and seated him on it, and the duke's majordomo said to him, 'It is an ancient custom in this island, seor governor, that he who comes to take possession of this famous island is bound to answer a question which shall be put to him, and which must be a somewhat knotty and difficult one and by his answer the people take the measure of their new governor's wit, and hail with joy or deplore his arrival accordingly.
The answer was, 'Seor, there is written and recorded the day on which your lordship took possession of this island, and the inscription says, 'This day, the soandso of suchandsuch a month and year, Seor Don Sancho Panza took possession of this island many years may he enjoy it.' 'And whom do they call Don Sancho Panza?
'Well then, let me tell you, brother, said Sancho, 'I haven't got the 'Don,' nor has anyone of my family ever had it my name is plain Sancho Panza, and Sancho was my father's name, and Sancho was my grandfather's and they were all Panzas, without any Dons or Doas tacked on I suspect that in this island there are more Dons than stones but never mind God knows what I mean, and maybe if my government lasts four days I'll weed out these Dons that no doubt are as great a nuisance as the midges, they're so plenty.
At this instant there came into court two old men, one carrying a cane by way of a walkingstick, and the one who had no stick said, 'Seor, some time ago I lent this good man ten goldcrowns in gold to gratify him and do him a service, on the condition that he was to return them to me whenever I should ask for them.
'What say you to this, good old man, you with the stick? said Sancho. To which the old man replied, 'I admit, seor, that he lent them to me but let your worship lower your staff, and as he leaves it to my oath, I'll swear that I gave them back, and paid him really and truly.
The governor lowered the staff, and as he did so the old man who had the stick handed it to the other old man to hold for him while he swore, as if he found it in his way and then laid his hand on the cross of the staff, saying that it was true the ten crowns that were demanded of him had been lent him but that he had with his own hand given them back into the hand of the other, and that he, not recollecting it, was always asking for them.
He said that no doubt his debtor had told the truth, for he believed him to be an honest man and a good Christian, and he himself must have forgotten when and how he had given him back the crowns and that from that time forth he would make no further demand upon him.
Observing this, and how, without another word, he made off, and observing too the resignation of the plaintiff, Sancho buried his head in his bosom and remained for a short space in deep thought, with the forefinger of his right hand on his brow and nose then he raised his head and bade them call back the old man with the stick, for he had already taken his departure.
They brought him back, and as soon as Sancho saw him he said, 'Honest man, give me that stick, for I want it. 'Willingly, said the old man 'here it is seor, and he put it into his hand. Sancho took it and, handing it to the other old man, said to him, 'Go, and God be with you for now you are paid.
'I, seor! returned the old man 'why, is this cane worth ten goldcrowns? 'Yes, said the governor, 'or if not I am the greatest dolt in the world now you will see whether I have got the headpiece to govern a whole kingdom and he ordered the cane to be broken in two, there, in the presence of all.
To conclude, the old men went off, one crestfallen, and the other in high contentment, all who were present were astonished, and he who was recording the words, deeds, and movements of Sancho could not make up his mind whether he was to look upon him and set him down as a fool or as a man of sense.
As soon as this case was disposed of, there came into court a woman holding on with a tight grip to a man dressed like a welltodo cattle dealer, and she came forward making a great outcry and exclaiming, 'Justice, seor governor, justice! and if I don't get it on earth I'll go look for it in heaven.
got from me what I had kept these threeandtwenty years and more, defending it against Moors and Christians, natives and strangers and I always as hard as an oak, and keeping myself as pure as a salamander in the fire, or wool among the brambles, for this good fellow to come now with clean hands to handle me!
'It remains to be proved whether this gallant has clean hands or not, said Sancho and turning to the man he asked him what he had to say in answer to the woman's charge. He all in confusion made answer, 'Sirs, I am a poor pig dealer, and this morning I left the village to sell (saving your presence) four pigs, and between dues and cribbings they got out of me little less than the worth of them.
I paid her fairly, but she not contented laid hold of me and never let go until she brought me here she says I forced her, but she lies by the oath I swear or am ready to swear and this is the whole truth and every particle of it.
The governor bade him take it out and hand it to the complainant he obeyed trembling the woman took it, and making a thousand salaams to all and praying to God for the long life and health of the seor governor who had such regard for distressed orphans and virgins, she hurried out of court with the purse grasped in both her hands, first looking, however, to see if the money it contained was silver.
As soon as she was gone Sancho said to the cattle dealer, whose tears were already starting and whose eyes and heart were following his purse, 'Good fellow, go after that woman and take the purse from her, by force even, and come back with it here and he did not say it to one who was a fool or deaf, for the man was off like a flash of lightning, and ran to do as he was bid.
All the bystanders waited anxiously to see the end of the case, and presently both man and woman came back at even closer grips than before, she with her petticoat up and the purse in the lap of it, and he struggling hard to take it from her, but all to no purpose, so stout was the woman's defence, she all the while crying out, 'Justice from God and the world!
see here, seor governor, the shamelessness and boldness of this villain, who in the middle of the town, in the middle of the street, wanted to take from me the purse your worship bade him give me. 'And did he take it? asked the governor. 'Take it! said the woman 'I'd let my life be taken from me sooner than the purse.
A pretty child I'd be! It's another sort of cat they must throw in my face, and not that poor scurvy knave. Pincers and hammers, mallets and chisels would not get it out of my grip no, nor lions' claws the soul from out of my body first! 'She is right, said the man 'I own myself beaten and powerless I confess I haven't the strength to take it from her and he let go his hold of her.
She handed it to him at once, and the governor returned it to the man, and said to the unforced mistress of force, 'Sister, if you had shown as much, or only half as much, spirit and vigour in defending your body as you have shown in defending that purse, the strength of Hercules could not have forced you.
The woman was cowed and went off disconsolately, hanging her head and the governor said to the man, 'Honest man, go home with your money, and God speed you and for the future, if you don't want to lose it, see that you don't take it into your head to yoke with anybody.
Next, two men, one apparently a farm labourer, and the other a tailor, for he had a pair of shears in his hand, presented themselves before him, and the tailor said, 'Seor governor, this labourer and I come before your worship by reason of this honest man coming to my shop yesterday (for saving everybody's presence I'm a passed tailor, God be thanked), and putting a piece of cloth into my hands and asking me, 'Seor, will there be enough in this cloth to make me a cap?' Measuring the cloth I said there would.
He probably suspectedas I supposed, and I supposed rightthat I wanted to steal some of the cloth, led to think so by his own roguery and the bad opinion people have of tailors and he told me to see if there would be enough for two. I guessed what he would be at, and I said 'yes.' He, still following up his original unworthy notion, went on adding cap after cap, and I 'yes' after 'yes,' until we got as far as five.
He has just this moment come for them I gave them to him, but he won't pay me for the making on the contrary, he calls upon me to pay him, or else return his cloth. 'Is all this true, brother? said Sancho. 'Yes, replied the man 'but will your worship make him show the five caps he has made me?
'With all my heart, said the tailor and drawing his hand from under his cloak he showed five caps stuck upon the five fingers of it, and said, 'there are the caps this good man asks for and by God and upon my conscience I haven't a scrap of cloth left, and I'll let the work be examined by the inspectors of the trade.
All present laughed at the number of caps and the novelty of the suit Sancho set himself to think for a moment, and then said, 'It seems to me that in this case it is not necessary to deliver longwinded arguments, but only to give offhand the judgment of an honest man and so my decision is that the tailor lose the making and the labourer the cloth, and that the caps go to the prisoners in the gaol, and let there be no more about it.
If the previous decision about the cattle dealer's purse excited the admiration of the bystanders, this provoked their laughter however, the governor's orders were after all executed. All this, having been taken down by his chronicler, was at once despatched to the duke, who was looking out for it with great eagerness and here let us leave the good Sancho for his master, sorely troubled in mind by Altisidora's music, has pressing claims upon us now.
We left Don Quixote wrapped up in the reflections which the music of the enamourned maid Altisidora had given rise to. He went to bed with them, and just like fleas they would not let him sleep or get a moment's rest, and the broken stitches of his stockings helped them.
But as Time is fleet and no obstacle can stay his course, he came riding on the hours, and morning very soon arrived. Seeing which Don Quixote quitted the soft down, and, nowise slothful, dressed himself in his chamois suit and put on his travelling boots to hide the disaster to his stockings.
He threw over him his scarlet mantle, put on his head a montera of green velvet trimmed with silver edging, flung across his shoulder the baldric with his good trenchant sword, took up a large rosary that he always carried with him, and with great solemnity and precision of gait proceeded to the antechamber where the duke and duchess were already dressed and waiting for him.
But as he passed through a gallery, Altisidora and the other damsel, her friend, were lying in wait for him, and the instant Altisidora saw him she pretended to faint, while her friend caught her in her lap, and began hastily unlacing the bosom of her dress. Don Quixote observed it, and approaching them said, 'I know very well what this seizure arises from.
'I know not from what, replied the friend, 'for Altisidora is the healthiest damsel in all this house, and I have never heard her complain all the time I have known her. A plague on all the knightserrant in the world, if they be all ungrateful! Go away, Seor Don Quixote for this poor child will not come to herself again so long as you are here.
To which Don Quixote returned, 'Do me the favour, seora, to let a lute be placed in my chamber tonight and I will comfort this poor maiden to the best of my power for in the early stages of love a prompt disillusion is an approved remedy and with this he retired, so as not to be remarked by any who might see him there.
They went at once to inform the duchess of what was going on, and of the lute Don Quixote asked for, and she, delighted beyond measure, plotted with the duke and her two damsels to play him a trick that should be amusing but harmless and in high glee they waited for night, which came quickly as the day had come and as for the day, the duke and duchess spent it in charming conversation with Don Quixote.
When eleven o'clock came, Don Quixote found a guitar in his chamber he tried it, opened the window, and perceived that some persons were walking in the garden and having passed his fingers over the frets of the guitar and tuned it as well as he could, he spat and cleared his chest, and then with a voice a little hoarse but fulltoned, he sang the following ballad, which he had himself that day composed Mighty Love the hearts of maidens Doth unsettle and perplex, And the instrument he uses Most of all is idleness.
Sewing, stitching, any labour, Having always work to do, To the poison Love instilleth Is the antidote most sure. And to properminded maidens Who desire the matron's name Modesty's a marriage portion, Modesty their highest praise. Men of prudence and discretion, Courtiers gay and gallant knights, With the wanton damsels dally, But the modest take to wife.
There are passions, transient, fleeting, Loves in hostelries declar'd, Sunrise loves, with sunset ended, When the guest hath gone his way. Love that springs up swift and sudden, Here today, tomorrow flown, Passes, leaves no trace behind it, Leaves no image on the soul. Painting that is laid on painting Maketh no display or show Where one beauty's in possession There no other can take hold.
Don Quixote had got so far with his song, to which the duke, the duchess, Altisidora, and nearly the whole household of the castle were listening, when all of a sudden from a gallery above that was exactly over his window they let down a cord with more than a hundred bells attached to it, and immediately after that discharged a great sack full of cats, which also had bells of smaller size tied to their tails.
Such was the din of the bells and the squalling of the cats, that though the duke and duchess were the contrivers of the joke they were startled by it, while Don Quixote stood paralysed with fear and as luck would have it, two or three of the cats made their way in through the grating of his chamber, and flying from one side to the other, made it seem as if there was a legion of devils at large in it.
They extinguished the candles that were burning in the room, and rushed about seeking some way of escape the cord with the large bells never ceased rising and falling and most of the people of the castle, not knowing what was really the matter, were at their wits' end with astonishment.
Don Quixote sprang to his feet, and drawing his sword, began making passes at the grating, shouting out, 'Avaunt, malignant enchanters! avaunt, ye witchcraftworking rabble! I am Don Quixote of La Mancha, against whom your evil machinations avail not nor have any power. And turning upon the cats that were running about the room, he made several cuts at them.
The duke and duchess hearing this, and guessing what it was, ran with all haste to his room, and as the poor gentleman was striving with all his might to detach the cat from his face, they opened the door with a masterkey and went in with lights and witnessed the unequal combat.
The duke ran forward to part the combatants, but Don Quixote cried out aloud, 'Let no one take him from me leave me hand to hand with this demon, this wizard, this enchanter I will teach him, I myself, who Don Quixote of La Mancha is. The cat, however, never minding these threats, snarled and held on but at last the duke pulled it off and flung it out of the window.
Don Quixote was left with a face as full of holes as a sieve and a nose not in very good condition, and greatly vexed that they did not let him finish the battle he had been so stoutly fighting with that villain of an enchanter. They sent for some oil of John's wort, and Altisidora herself with her own fair hands bandaged all the wounded parts and as she did so she said to him in a low voice.
'All these mishaps have befallen thee, hardhearted knight, for the sin of thy insensibility and obstinacy and God grant thy squire Sancho may forget to whip himself, so that that dearly beloved Dulcinea of thine may never be released from her enchantment, that thou mayest never come to her bed, at least while I who adore thee am alive.
To all this Don Quixote made no answer except to heave deep sighs, and then stretched himself on his bed, thanking the duke and duchess for their kindness, not because he stood in any fear of that bellringing rabble of enchanters in cat shape, but because he recognised their good intentions in coming to his rescue.
The duke and duchess left him to repose and withdrew greatly grieved at the unfortunate result of the joke as they never thought the adventure would have fallen so heavy on Don Quixote or cost him so dear, for it cost him five days of confinement to his bed, during which he had another adventure, pleasanter than the late one, which his chronicler will not relate just now in order that he may turn his attention to Sancho Panza, who was proceeding with great diligence and drollery in his government.
The history says that from the justice court they carried Sancho to a sumptuous palace, where in a spacious chamber there was a table laid out with royal magnificence. The clarions sounded as Sancho entered the room, and four pages came forward to present him with water for his hands, which Sancho received with great dignity.
They then lifted up a fine white cloth covering fruit and a great variety of dishes of different sorts one who looked like a student said grace, and a page put a laced bib on Sancho, while another who played the part of head carver placed a dish of fruit before him.
But hardly had he tasted a morsel when the man with the wand touched the plate with it, and they took it away from before him with the utmost celerity. The carver, however, brought him another dish, and Sancho proceeded to try it but before he could get at it, not to say taste it, already the wand had touched it and a page had carried it off with the same promptitude as the fruit.
Sancho seeing this was puzzled, and looking from one to another asked if this dinner was to be eaten after the fashion of a jugglery trick. To this he with the wand replied, 'It is not to be eaten, seor governor, except as is usual and customary in other islands where there are governors.
I, seor, am a physician, and I am paid a salary in this island to serve its governors as such, and I have a much greater regard for their health than for my own, studying day and night and making myself acquainted with the governor's constitution, in order to be able to cure him when he falls sick.
The chief thing I have to do is to attend at his dinners and suppers and allow him to eat what appears to me to be fit for him, and keep from him what I think will do him harm and be injurious to his stomach and therefore I ordered that plate of fruit to be removed as being too moist, and that other dish I ordered to be removed as being too hot and containing many spices that stimulate thirst for he who drinks much kills and consumes the radical moisture wherein life consists.
'Well then, said Sancho, 'that dish of roast partridges there that seems so savoury will not do me any harm. To this the physician replied, 'Of those my lord the governor shall not eat so long as I live. 'Why so? said Sancho. 'Because, replied the doctor, 'our master Hippocrates, the polestar and beacon of medicine, says in one of his aphorisms omnis saturatio mala, perdicis autem pessima, which means 'all repletion is bad, but that of partridge is the worst of all.
'In that case, said Sancho, 'let seor doctor see among the dishes that are on the table what will do me most good and least harm, and let me eat it, without tapping it with his stick for by the life of the governor, and so may God suffer me to enjoy it, but I'm dying of hunger and in spite of the doctor and all he may say, to deny me food is the way to take my life instead of prolonging it.
'Your worship is right, seor governor, said the physician 'and therefore your worship, I consider, should not eat of those stewed rabbits there, because it is a furry kind of food if that veal were not roasted and served with pickles, you might try it but it is out of the question.
'That big dish that is smoking farther off, said Sancho, 'seems to me to be an olla podrida, and out of the diversity of things in such ollas, I can't fail to light upon something tasty and good for me. 'Absit, said the doctor 'far from us be any such base thought!
There is nothing in the world less nourishing than an olla podrida to canons, or rectors of colleges, or peasants' weddings with your ollas podridas, but let us have none of them on the tables of governors, where everything that is present should be delicate and refined and the reason is, that always, everywhere and by everybody, simple medicines are more esteemed than compound ones, for we cannot go wrong in those that are simple, while in the compound we may, by merely altering the quantity of the things composing them.
But what I am of opinion the governor should eat now in order to preserve and fortify his health is a hundred or so of wafer cakes and a few thin slices of conserve of quinces, which will settle his stomach and help his digestion. Sancho on hearing this threw himself back in his chair and surveyed the doctor steadily, and in a solemn tone asked him what his name was and where he had studied.
To which Sancho, glowing all over with rage, returned, 'Then let Doctor Pedro Recio de Malaguero, native of Tirteafuera, a place that's on the righthand side as we go from Caracuel to Almodvar del Campo, graduate of Osuna, get out of my presence at once or I swear by the sun I'll take a cudgel, and by dint of blows, beginning with him, I'll not leave a doctor in the whole island at least of those I know to be ignorant for as to learned, wise, sensible physicians, them I will reverence and honour as divine persons.
Once more I say let Pedro Recio get out of this or I'll take this chair I am sitting on and break it over his head. And if they call me to account for it, I'll clear myself by saying I served God in killing a bad doctora general executioner.
The doctor was dismayed when he saw the governor in such a passion, and he would have made a Tirteafuera out of the room but that the same instant a posthorn sounded in the street and the carver putting his head out of the window turned round and said, 'It's a courier from my lord the duke, no doubt with some despatch of importance.
The courier came in all sweating and flurried, and taking a paper from his bosom, placed it in the governor's hands. Sancho handed it to the majordomo and bade him read the superscription, which ran thus To Don Sancho Panza, Governor of the Island of Barataria, into his own hands or those of his secretary.
Sancho when he heard this said, 'Which of you is my secretary? 'I am, seor, said one of those present, 'for I can read and write, and am a Biscayan. 'With that addition, said Sancho, 'you might be secretary to the emperor himself open this paper and see what it says.
Sancho ordered the chamber to be cleared, the majordomo and the carver only remaining so the doctor and the others withdrew, and then the secretary read the letter, which was as follows It has come to my knowledge, Seor Don Sancho Panza, that certain enemies of mine and of the island are about to make a furious attack upon it some night, I know not when.
I also know by trustworthy spies that four persons have entered the town in disguise in order to take your life, because they stand in dread of your great capacity keep your eyes open and take heed who approaches you to address you, and eat nothing that is presented to you.
Your friend, THE DUKE Sancho was astonished, and those who stood by made believe to be so too, and turning to the majordomo he said to him, 'What we have got to do first, and it must be done at once, is to put Doctor Recio in the lockup for if anyone wants to kill me it is he, and by a slow death and the worst of all, which is hunger.
At this instant a page entered saying, 'Here is a farmer on business, who wants to speak to your lordship on a matter of great importance, he says. 'It's very odd, said Sancho, 'the ways of these men on business is it possible they can be such fools as not to see that an hour like this is no hour for coming on business?
We who govern and we who are judgesare we not men of flesh and blood, and are we not to be allowed the time required for taking rest, unless they'd have us made of marble? By God and on my conscience, if the government remains in my hands (which I have a notion it won't), I'll bring more than one man on business to order.
However, tell this good man to come in but take care first of all that he is not some spy or one of my assassins. 'No, my lord, said the page, 'for he looks like a simple fellow, and either I know very little or he is as good as good bread.
'There is nothing to be afraid of, said the majordomo, 'for we are all here. 'Would it be possible, carver, said Sancho, 'now that Doctor Pedro Recio is not here, to let me eat something solid and substantial, if it were even a piece of bread and an onion? 'Tonight at supper, said the carver, 'the shortcomings of the dinner shall be made good, and your lordship shall be fully contented.
'God grant it, said Sancho. The farmer now came in, a wellfavoured man that one might see a thousand leagues off was an honest fellow and a good soul. The first thing he said was, 'Which is the lord governor here? 'Which should it be, said the secretary, 'but he who is seated in the chair?
'Then I humble myself before him, said the farmer and going on his knees he asked for his hand, to kiss it. Sancho refused it, and bade him stand up and say what he wanted. The farmer obeyed, and then said, 'I am a farmer, seor, a native of Miguelturra, a village two leagues from Ciudad Real.
She is so cleanly that not to soil her face she carries her nose turned up, as they say, so that one would fancy it was running away from her mouth and with all this she looks extremely well, for she has a wide mouth and but for wanting ten or a dozen teeth and grinders she might compare and compete with the comeliest.
Of her lips I say nothing, for they are so fine and thin that, if lips might be reeled, one might make a skein of them but being of a different colour from ordinary lips they are wonderful, for they are mottled, blue, green, and purplelet my lord the governor pardon me for painting so minutely the charms of her who some time or other will be my daughter for I love her, and I don't find her amiss.
'Is there anything else you want, good man? said Sancho. 'There's another thing I'd like, said the farmer, 'but I'm afraid to mention it however, out it must for after all I can't let it be rotting in my breast, come what may. I mean, seor, that I'd like your worship to give me three hundred or six hundred ducats as a help to my bachelor's portion, to help him in setting up house for they must, in short, live by themselves, without being subject to the interferences of their fathersinlaw.
The moment he said this the governor started to his feet, and seizing the chair he had been sitting on exclaimed, 'By all that's good, you illbred, boorish Don Bumpkin, if you don't get out of this at once and hide yourself from my sight, I'll lay your head open with this chair.
You whoreson rascal, you devil's own painter, and is it at this hour you come to ask me for six hundred ducats! How should I have them, you stinking brute? And why should I give them to you if I had them, you knave and blockhead? What have I to do with Miguelturra or the whole family of the Perlerines?
Get out I say, or by the life of my lord the duke I'll do as I said. You're not from Miguelturra, but some knave sent here from hell to tempt me. Why, you villain, I have not yet had the government half a day, and you want me to have six hundred ducats already!
But let us leave Sancho in his wrath, and peace be with them all and let us return to Don Quixote, whom we left with his face bandaged and doctored after the cat wounds, of which he was not cured for eight days and on one of these there befell him what Cide Hamete promises to relate with that exactitude and truth with which he is wont to set forth everything connected with this great history, however minute it may be.
Six days he remained without appearing in public, and one night as he lay awake thinking of his misfortunes and of Altisidora's pursuit of him, he perceived that someone was opening the door of his room with a key, and he at once made up his mind that the enamoured damsel was coming to make an assault upon his chastity and put him in danger of failing in the fidelity he owed to his lady Dulcinea del Toboso.
He stood up on the bed wrapped from head to foot in a yellow satin coverlet, with a cap on his head, and his face and his moustaches tied up, his face because of the scratches, and his moustaches to keep them from drooping and falling down, in which trim he looked the most extraordinary scarecrow that could be conceived.
He kept his eyes fixed on the door, and just as he was expecting to see the lovesmitten and unhappy Altisidora make her appearance, he saw coming in a most venerable duenna, in a long whitebordered veil that covered and enveloped her from head to foot. Between the fingers of her left hand she held a short lighted candle, while with her right she shaded it to keep the light from her eyes, which were covered by spectacles of great size, and she advanced with noiseless steps, treading very softly.
The spectre still advanced, and on reaching the middle of the room, looked up and saw the energy with which Don Quixote was crossing himself and if he was scared by seeing such a figure as hers, she was terrified at the sight of his for the moment she saw his tall yellow form with the coverlet and the bandages that disfigured him, she gave a loud scream, and exclaiming, 'Jesus!
what's this I see? let fall the candle in her fright, and then finding herself in the dark, turned about to make off, but stumbling on her skirts in her consternation, she measured her length with a mighty fall. Don Quixote in his trepidation began saying, 'I conjure thee, phantom, or whatever thou art, tell me what thou art and what thou wouldst with me.
If thou art a soul in torment, say so, and all that my powers can do I will do for thee for I am a Catholic Christian and love to do good to all the world, and to this end I have embraced the order of knighterrantry to which I belong, the province of which extends to doing good even to souls in purgatory.
The unfortunate duenna hearing herself thus conjured, by her own fear guessed Don Quixote's and in a low plaintive voice answered, 'Seor Don Quixoteif so be you are indeed Don QuixoteI am no phantom or spectre or soul in purgatory, as you seem to think, but Doa Rodriguez, duenna of honour to my lady the duchess, and I come to you with one of those grievances your worship is wont to redress.
'Tell me, Seora Doa Rodriguez, said Don Quixote, 'do you perchance come to transact any gobetween business? Because I must tell you I am not available for anybody's purpose, thanks to the peerless beauty of my lady Dulcinea del Toboso. In short, Seora Doa Rodriguez, if you will leave out and put aside all love messages, you may go and light your candle and come back, and we will discuss all the commands you have for me and whatever you wish, saving only, as I said, all seductive communications.
'I carry nobody's messages, seor, said the duenna 'little you know me. Nay, I'm not far enough advanced in years to take to any such childish tricks. God be praised I have a soul in my body still, and all my teeth and grinders in my mouth, except one or two that the colds, so common in this Aragon country, have robbed me of.
But wait a little, while I go and light my candle, and I will return immediately and lay my sorrows before you as before one who relieves those of all the world and without staying for an answer she quitted the room and left Don Quixote tranquilly meditating while he waited for her.
A thousand thoughts at once suggested themselves to him on the subject of this new adventure, and it struck him as being ill done and worse advised in him to expose himself to the danger of breaking his plighted faith to his lady and said he to himself, 'Who knows but that the devil, being wily and cunning, may be trying now to entrap me with a duenna, having failed with empresses, queens, duchesses, marchionesses, and countesses?
Many a time have I heard it said by many a man of sense that he will sooner offer you a flatnosed wench than a romannosed one and who knows but this privacy, this opportunity, this silence, may awaken my sleeping desires, and lead me in these my latter years to fall where I have never tripped?
In cases of this sort it is better to flee than to await the battle. But I must be out of my senses to think and utter such nonsense for it is impossible that a long, whitehooded spectacled duenna could stir up or excite a wanton thought in the most graceless bosom in the world.
Oh, but that lady did well who, they say, had at the end of her reception room a couple of figures of duennas with spectacles and lacecushions, as if at work, and those statues served quite as well to give an air of propriety to the room as if they had been real duennas.
So saying he leaped off the bed, intending to close the door and not allow Seora Rodriguez to enter but as he went to shut it Seora Rodriguez returned with a wax candle lighted, and having a closer view of Don Quixote, with the coverlet round him, and his bandages and nightcap, she was alarmed afresh, and retreating a couple of paces, exclaimed, 'Am I safe, sir knight?
for I don't look upon it as a sign of very great virtue that your worship should have got up out of bed. 'I may well ask the same, seora, said Don Quixote 'and I do ask whether I shall be safe from being assailed and forced? 'Of whom and against whom do you demand that security, sir knight?
'Of you and against you I ask it, said Don Quixote 'for I am not marble, nor are you brass, nor is it now ten o'clock in the morning, but midnight, or a trifle past it I fancy, and we are in a room more secluded and retired than the cave could have been where the treacherous and daring neas enjoyed the fair softhearted Dido.
But give me your hand, seora I require no better protection than my own continence, and my own sense of propriety as well as that which is inspired by that venerable headdress and so saying he kissed her right hand and took it in his own, she yielding it to him with equal ceremoniousness.
And here Cide Hamete inserts a parenthesis in which he says that to have seen the pair marching from the door to the bed, linked hand in hand in this way, he would have given the best of the two tunics he had. Don Quixote finally got into bed, and Doa Rodriguez took her seat on a chair at some little distance from his couch, without taking off her spectacles or putting aside the candle.
Don Quixote wrapped the bedclothes round him and covered himself up completely, leaving nothing but his face visible, and as soon as they had both regained their composure he broke silence, saying, 'Now, Seora Doa Rodriguez, you may unbosom yourself and out with everything you have in your sorrowful heart and afflicted bowels and by me you shall be listened to with chaste ears, and aided by compassionate exertions.
I was left an orphan with nothing but the miserable wages and trifling presents that are given to servants of my sort in palaces but about this time, without any encouragement on my part, one of the esquires of the household fell in love with me, a man somewhat advanced in years, fullbearded and personable, and above all as good a gentleman as the king himself, for he came of a mountain stock.
God bless me, with what an air of dignity he used to carry my lady behind him on a stout mule as black as jet! for in those days they did not use coaches or chairs, as they say they do now, and ladies rode behind their squires. This much at least I cannot help telling you, that you may observe the good breeding and punctiliousness of my worthy husband.
As he was turning into the Calle de Santiago in Madrid, which is rather narrow, one of the alcaldes of the Court, with two alguacils before him, was coming out of it, and as soon as my good squire saw him he wheeled his mule about and made as if he would turn and accompany him.
My lady, who was riding behind him, said to him in a low voice, 'What are you about, you sneak, don't you see that I am here?' The alcalde like a polite man pulled up his horse and said to him, 'Proceed, seor, for it is I, rather, who ought to accompany my lady Doa Casilda'for that was my mistress's name.
Still my husband, cap in hand, persisted in trying to accompany the alcalde, and seeing this my lady, filled with rage and vexation, pulled out a big pin, or, I rather think, a bodkin, out of her needlecase and drove it into his back with such force that my husband gave a loud yell, and writhing fell to the ground with his lady.
Her two lacqueys ran to rise her up, and the alcalde and the alguacils did the same the Guadalajara gate was all in commotionI mean the idlers congregated there my mistress came back on foot, and my husband hurried away to a barber's shop protesting that he was run right through the guts.
The courtesy of my husband was noised abroad to such an extent, that the boys gave him no peace in the street and on this account, and because he was somewhat shortsighted, my lady dismissed him and it was chagrin at this I am convinced beyond a doubt that brought on his death.
To come to the point, the son of a very rich farmer, living in a village of my lord the duke's not very far from here, fell in love with this girl of mine and in short, how I know not, they came together, and under the promise of marrying her he made a fool of my daughter, and will not keep his word.
And though my lord the duke is aware of it (for I have complained to him, not once but many and many a time, and entreated him to order the farmer to marry my daughter), he turns a deaf ear and will scarcely listen to me the reason being that as the deceiver's father is so rich, and lends him money, and is constantly going security for his debts, he does not like to offend or annoy him in any way.
Let your worship put before you the unprotected condition of my daughter, her youth, and all the perfections I have said she possesses and before God and on my conscience, out of all the damsels my lady has, there is not one that comes up to the sole of her shoe, and the one they call Altisidora, and look upon as the boldest and gayest of them, put in comparison with my daughter, does not come within two leagues of her.
For I would have you know, seor, all is not gold that glitters, and that same little Altisidora has more forwardness than good looks, and more impudence than modesty besides being not very sound, for she has such a disagreeable breath that one cannot bear to be near her for a moment and even my lady the duchessbut I'll hold my tongue, for they say that walls have ears.
Seor Don Quixote, have you observed the comeliness of my lady the duchess, that smooth complexion of hers like a burnished polished sword, those two cheeks of milk and carmine, that gay lively step with which she treads or rather seems to spurn the earth, so that one would fancy she went radiating health wherever she passed?
Well then, let me tell you she may thank, first of all God, for this, and next, two issues that she has, one in each leg, by which all the evil humours, of which the doctors say she is full, are discharged. 'Blessed Virgin! exclaimed Don Quixote 'and is it possible that my lady the duchess has drains of that sort?
I would not have believed it if the barefoot friars had told it me but as the lady Doa Rodriguez says so, it must be so. But surely such issues, and in such places, do not discharge humours, but liquid amber. Verily, I do believe now that this practice of opening issues is a very important matter for the health.
Suddenly the poor duenna felt two hands seize her by the throat, so tightly that she could not croak, while someone else, without uttering a word, very briskly hoisted up her petticoats, and with what seemed to be a slipper began to lay on so heartily that anyone would have felt pity for her but although Don Quixote felt it he never stirred from his bed, but lay quiet and silent, nay apprehensive that his turn for a drubbing might be coming.
Nor was the apprehension an idle one for leaving the duenna (who did not dare to cry out) well basted, the silent executioners fell upon Don Quixote, and stripping him of the sheet and the coverlet, they pinched him so fast and so hard that he was driven to defend himself with his fists, and all this in marvellous silence.
The battle lasted nearly half an hour, and then the phantoms fled Doa Rodriguez gathered up her skirts, and bemoaning her fate went out without saying a word to Don Quixote, and he, sorely pinched, puzzled, and dejected, remained alone, and there we will leave him, wondering who could have been the perverse enchanter who had reduced him to such a state but that shall be told in due season, for Sancho claims our attention, and the methodical arrangement of the story demands it.
All who knew Sancho Panza were astonished to hear him speak so elegantly, and did not know what to attribute it to unless it were that office and grave responsibility either smarten or stupefy men's wits. At last Doctor Pedro Recio Agilers of Tirteafuera promised to let him have supper that night though it might be in contravention of all the aphorisms of Hippocrates.
With this the governor was satisfied and looked forward to the approach of night and suppertime with great anxiety and though time, to his mind, stood still and made no progress, nevertheless the hour he so longed for came, and they gave him a beef salad with onions and some boiled calves' feet rather far gone.
What the headcarver had best do is to serve me with what they call ollas podridas (and the rottener they are the better they smell) and he can put whatever he likes into them, so long as it is good to eat, and I'll be obliged to him, and will requite him some day.
I mean to govern this island without giving up a right or taking a bribe let everyone keep his eye open, and look out for the arrow for I can tell them 'the devil's in Cantillana,' and if they drive me to it they'll see something that will astonish them.
'Of a truth, seor governor, said the carver, 'your worship is in the right of it in everything you have said and I promise you in the name of all the inhabitants of this island that they will serve your worship with all zeal, affection, and goodwill, for the mild kind of government you have given a sample of to begin with, leaves them no ground for doing or thinking anything to your worship's disadvantage.
'There is so much in what your worship says, seor governor, said the majordomo, 'that I am filled with wonder when I see a man like your worship, entirely without learning (for I believe you have none at all), say such things, and so full of sound maxims and sage remarks, very different from what was expected of your worship's intelligence by those who sent us or by us who came here.
Every day we see something new in this world jokes become realities, and the jokers find the tables turned upon them. Night came, and with the permission of Doctor Pedro Recio, the governor had supper. They then got ready to go the rounds, and he started with the majordomo, the secretary, the headcarver, the chronicler charged with recording his deeds, and alguacils and notaries enough to form a fairsized squadron.
In the midst marched Sancho with his staff, as fine a sight as one could wish to see, and but a few streets of the town had been traversed when they heard a noise as of a clashing of swords. They hastened to the spot, and found that the combatants were but two, who seeing the authorities approaching stood still, and one of them exclaimed, 'Help, in the name of God and the king!
Are men to be allowed to rob in the middle of this town, and rush out and attack people in the very streets? 'Be calm, my good man, said Sancho, 'and tell me what the cause of this quarrel is for I am the governor. Said the other combatant, 'Seor governor, I will tell you in a very few words.
He made off with his winnings, and when I made sure he was going to give me a crown or so at least by way of a present, as it is usual and customary to give men of quality of my sort who stand by to see fair or foul play, and back up swindles, and prevent quarrels, he pocketed his money and left the house.
Indignant at this I followed him, and speaking to him fairly and civilly asked him to give me if it were only eight reals, for he knows I am an honest man and that I have neither profession nor property, for my parents never brought me up to any or left me any but the rogue, who is a greater thief than Cacus and a greater sharper than Andradilla, would not give me more than four reals so your worship may see how little shame and conscience he has.
The one paid down the money and the other took it, and the latter quitted the island, while the other went home and then the governor said, 'Either I am not good for much, or I'll get rid of these gambling houses, for it strikes me they are very mischievous.
On the minor gambling houses your worship may exercise your power, and it is they that do most harm and shelter the most barefaced practices for in the houses of lords and gentlemen of quality the notorious sharpers dare not attempt to play their tricks and as the vice of gambling has become common, it is better that men should play in houses of repute than in some tradesman's, where they catch an unlucky fellow in the small hours of the morning and skin him alive.
And now a tipstaff came up with a young man in his grasp, and said, 'Seor governor, this youth was coming towards us, and as soon as he saw the officers of justice he turned about and ran like a deer, a sure proof that he must be some evildoer I ran after him, and had it not been that he stumbled and fell, I should never have caught him.
'What did you run for, fellow? said Sancho. To which the young man replied, 'Seor, it was to avoid answering all the questions officers of justice put. 'What are you by trade? 'A weaver. 'And what do you weave? 'Lance heads, with your worship's good leave. 'You're facetious with me!
You plume yourself on being a wag? Very good and where were you going just now? 'To take the air, seor. 'And where does one take the air in this island? 'Where it blows. 'Good! your answers are very much to the point you are a smart youth but take notice that I am the air, and that I blow upon you astern, and send you to gaol.
Ho there! lay hold of him and take him off I'll make him sleep there tonight without air. 'By God, said the young man, 'your worship will make me sleep in gaol just as soon as make me king. 'Why shan't I make thee sleep in gaol? said Sancho. 'Have I not the power to arrest thee and release thee whenever I like?
said Sancho 'take him away at once where he'll see his mistake with his own eyes, even if the gaoler is willing to exert his interested generosity on his behalf for I'll lay a penalty of two thousand ducats on him if he allows him to stir a step from the prison.
'That's ridiculous, said the young man 'the fact is, all the men on earth will not make me sleep in prison. 'Tell me, you devil, said Sancho, 'have you got any angel that will deliver you, and take off the irons I am going to order them to put upon you?
Granted your worship may order me to be taken to prison, and to have irons and chains put on me, and to be shut up in a cell, and may lay heavy penalties on the gaoler if he lets me out, and that he obeys your orders still, if I don't choose to sleep, and choose to remain awake all night without closing an eye, will your worship with all your power be able to make me sleep if I don't choose?
'Well then, go, and God be with you, said Sancho 'be off home to sleep, and God give you sound sleep, for I don't want to rob you of it but for the future, let me advise you don't joke with the authorities, because you may come across someone who will bring down the joke on your own skull.
The young man went his way, and the governor continued his round, and shortly afterwards two tipstaffs came up with a man in custody, and said, 'Seor governor, this person, who seems to be a man, is not so, but a woman, and not an illfavoured one, in man's clothes.
They scanned her from head to foot, and observed that she had on red silk stockings with garters of white taffety bordered with gold and pearl her breeches were of green and gold stuff, and under an open jacket or jerkin of the same she wore a doublet of the finest white and gold cloth her shoes were white and such as men wear she carried no sword at her belt, but only a richly ornamented dagger, and on her fingers she had several handsome rings.
In short, the girl seemed fair to look at in the eyes of all, and none of those who beheld her knew her, the people of the town said they could not imagine who she was, and those who were in on the secret of the jokes that were to be practised upon Sancho were the ones who were most surprised, for this incident or discovery had not been arranged by them and they watched anxiously to see how the affair would end.
She with her eyes fixed on the ground answered in modest confusion, 'I cannot tell you, seor, before so many people what it is of such consequence to me to have kept secret one thing I wish to be known, that I am no thief or evildoer, but only an unhappy maiden whom the power of jealousy has led to break through the respect that is due to modesty.
Hearing this the majordomo said to Sancho, 'Make the people stand back, seor governor, that this lady may say what she wishes with less embarrassment. Sancho gave the order, and all except the majordomo, the headcarver, and the secretary fell back. Finding herself then in the presence of no more, the damsel went on to say, 'I am the daughter, sirs, of Pedro Perez Mazorca, the woolfarmer of this town, who is in the habit of coming very often to my father's house.
'That won't do, seora, said the majordomo 'for I know Pedro Perez very well, and I know he has no child at all, either son or daughter and besides, though you say he is your father, you add then that he comes very often to your father's house. 'I had already noticed that, said Sancho.
'Ay, that will do, said the majordomo 'for I know Diego de la Llana, and know that he is a gentleman of position and a rich man, and that he has a son and a daughter, and that since he was left a widower nobody in all this town can speak of having seen his daughter's face for he keeps her so closely shut up that he does not give even the sun a chance of seeing her and for all that report says she is extremely beautiful.
'It is true, said the damsel, 'and I am that daughter whether report lies or not as to my beauty, you, sirs, will have decided by this time, as you have seen me and with this she began to weep bitterly. On seeing this the secretary leant over to the headcarver's ear, and said to him in a low voice, 'Something serious has no doubt happened this poor maiden, that she goes wandering from home in such a dress and at such an hour, and one of her rank too.
'There can be no doubt about it, returned the carver, 'and moreover her tears confirm your suspicion. Sancho gave her the best comfort he could, and entreated her to tell them without any fear what had happened her, as they would all earnestly and by every means in their power endeavour to relieve her.
Mass is said at home in a sumptuous chapel, and all this time I have seen but the sun in the heaven by day, and the moon and the stars by night nor do I know what streets are like, or plazas, or churches, or even men, except my father and a brother I have, and Pedro Perez the woolfarmer whom, because he came frequently to our house, I took it into my head to call my father, to avoid naming my own.
This seclusion and the restrictions laid upon my going out, were it only to church, have been keeping me unhappy for many a day and month past I longed to see the world, or at least the town where I was born, and it did not seem to me that this wish was inconsistent with the respect maidens of good quality should have for themselves.
When I heard them talking of bullfights taking place, and of javelin games, and of acting plays, I asked my brother, who is a year younger than myself, to tell me what sort of things these were, and many more that I had never seen he explained them to me as well as he could, but the only effect was to kindle in me a still stronger desire to see them.
At last, to cut short the story of my ruin, I begged and entreated my brotherO that I had never made such an entreaty And once more she gave way to a burst of weeping. 'Proceed, seora, said the majordomo, 'and finish your story of what has happened to you, for your words and tears are keeping us all in suspense.
The maiden's beauty had made a deep impression on the headcarver's heart, and he again raised his lantern for another look at her, and thought they were not tears she was shedding, but seedpearl or dew of the meadow, nay, he exalted them still higher, and made Oriental pearls of them, and fervently hoped her misfortune might not be so great a one as her tears and sobs seemed to indicate.
'So then, seora, said Sancho, 'no other mishap has befallen you, nor was it jealousy that made you leave home, as you said at the beginning of your story? 'Nothing has happened me, said she, 'nor was it jealousy that brought me out, but merely a longing to see the world, which did not go beyond seeing the streets of this town.
The appearance of the tipstaffs with her brother in custody, whom one of them had overtaken as he ran away from his sister, now fully confirmed the truth of what the damsel said. He had nothing on but a rich petticoat and a short blue damask cloak with fine gold lace, and his head was uncovered and adorned only with its own hair, which looked like rings of gold, so bright and curly was it.
'No harm has been done, said Sancho 'come, we will leave you at your father's house perhaps they will not have missed you and another time don't be so childish or eager to see the world for a respectable damsel should have a broken leg and keep at home and the woman and the hen by gadding about are soon lost and she who is eager to see is also eager to be seen I say no more.
On reaching it the youth threw a pebble up at a grating, and immediately a womanservant who was waiting for them came down and opened the door to them, and they went in, leaving the party marvelling as much at their grace and beauty as at the fancy they had for seeing the world by night and without quitting the village which, however, they set down to their youth.
The headcarver was left with a heart pierced through and through, and he made up his mind on the spot to demand the damsel in marriage of her father on the morrow, making sure she would not be refused him as he was a servant of the duke's and even to Sancho ideas and schemes of marrying the youth to his daughter Sanchica suggested themselves, and he resolved to open the negotiation at the proper season, persuading himself that no husband could be refused to a governor's daughter.
Cide Hamete, the painstaking investigator of the minute points of this veracious history, says that when Doa Rodriguez left her own room to go to Don Quixote's, another duenna who slept with her observed her, and as all duennas are fond of prying, listening, and sniffing, she followed her so silently that the good Rodriguez never perceived it and as soon as the duenna saw her enter Don Quixote's room, not to fail in a duenna's invariable practice of tattling, she hurried off that instant to report to the duchess how Doa Rodriguez was closeted with Don Quixote.
The duchess told the duke, and asked him to let her and Altisidora go and see what the said duenna wanted with Don Quixote. The duke gave them leave, and the pair cautiously and quietly crept to the door of the room and posted themselves so close to it that they could hear all that was said inside.
But when the duchess heard how the Rodriguez had made public the Aranjuez of her issues she could not restrain herself, nor Altisidora either and so, filled with rage and thirsting for vengeance, they burst into the room and tormented Don Quixote and flogged the duenna in the manner already described for indignities offered to their charms and selfesteem mightily provoke the anger of women and make them eager for revenge.
The duchess told the duke what had happened, and he was much amused by it and she, in pursuance of her design of making merry and diverting herself with Don Quixote, despatched the page who had played the part of Dulcinea in the negotiations for her disenchantment (which Sancho Panza in the cares of government had forgotten all about) to Teresa Panza his wife with her husband's letter and another from herself, and also a great string of fine coral beads as a present.
Now the history says this page was very sharp and quickwitted and eager to serve his lord and lady he set off very willingly for Sancho's village. Before he entered it he observed a number of women washing in a brook, and asked them if they could tell him whether there lived there a woman of the name of Teresa Panza, wife of one Sancho Panza, squire to a knight called Don Quixote of La Mancha.
At the question a young girl who was washing stood up and said, 'Teresa Panza is my mother, and that Sancho is my father, and that knight is our master. 'Well then, miss, said the page, 'come and show me where your mother is, for I bring her a letter and a present from your father.
'That I will with all my heart, seor, said the girl, who seemed to be about fourteen, more or less and leaving the clothes she was washing to one of her companions, and without putting anything on her head or feet, for she was barelegged and had her hair hanging about her, away she skipped in front of the page's horse, saying, 'Come, your worship, our house is at the entrance of the town, and my mother is there, sorrowful enough at not having had any news of my father this ever so long.
'Well, said the page, 'I am bringing her such good news that she will have reason to thank God. And then, skipping, running, and capering, the girl reached the town, but before going into the house she called out at the door, 'Come out, mother Teresa, come out, come out here's a gentleman with letters and other things from my good father.
At these words her mother Teresa Panza came out spinning a bundle of flax, in a grey petticoat (so short was it one would have fancied 'they to her shame had cut it short), a grey bodice of the same stuff, and a smock. She was not very old, though plainly past forty, strong, healthy, vigorous, and sundried and seeing her daughter and the page on horseback, she exclaimed, 'What's this, child?
'A servant of my lady, Doa Teresa Panza, replied the page and suiting the action to the word he flung himself off his horse, and with great humility advanced to kneel before the lady Teresa, saying, 'Let me kiss your hand, Seora Doa Teresa, as the lawful and only wife of Seor Don Sancho Panza, rightful governor of the island of Barataria.
'You are, said the page, 'the most worthy wife of a most archworthy governor and as a proof of what I say accept this letter and this present and at the same time he took out of his pocket a string of coral beads with gold clasps, and placed it on her neck, and said, 'This letter is from his lordship the governor, and the other as well as these coral beads from my lady the duchess, who sends me to your worship.
Teresa stood lost in astonishment, and her daughter just as much, and the girl said, 'May I die but our master Don Quixote's at the bottom of this he must have given father the government or county he so often promised him. 'That is the truth, said the page 'for it is through Seor Don Quixote that Seor Sancho is now governor of the island of Barataria, as will be seen by this letter.
'Will your worship read it to me, noble sir? said Teresa 'for though I can spin I can't read, not a scrap. 'Nor I either, said Sanchica 'but wait a bit, and I'll go and fetch someone who can read it, either the curate himself or the bachelor Samson Carrasco, and they'll come gladly to hear any news of my father.
'There is no need to fetch anybody, said the page 'for though I can't spin I can read, and I'll read it and so he read it through, but as it has been already given it is not inserted here and then he took out the other one from the duchess, which ran as follows Friend Teresa,Your husband Sancho's good qualities, of heart as well as of head, induced and compelled me to request my husband the duke to give him the government of one of his many islands.
I am told he governs like a gerfalcon, of which I am very glad, and my lord the duke, of course, also and I am very thankful to heaven that I have not made a mistake in choosing him for that same government for I would have Seora Teresa know that a good governor is hard to find in this world and may God make me as good as Sancho's way of governing.
Herewith I send you, my dear, a string of coral beads with gold clasps I wish they were Oriental pearls but 'he who gives thee a bone does not wish to see thee dead a time will come when we shall become acquainted and meet one another, but God knows the future.
They tell me there are big acorns in your village send me a couple of dozen or so, and I shall value them greatly as coming from your hand and write to me at length to assure me of your health and wellbeing and if there be anything you stand in need of, it is but to open your mouth, and that shall be the measure and so God keep you.
said Teresa when she heard the letter 'that I may be buried with ladies of that sort, and not the gentlewomen we have in this town, that fancy because they are gentlewomen the wind must not touch them, and go to church with as much airs as if they were queens, no less, and seem to think they are disgraced if they look at a farmer's wife!
And see here how this good lady, for all she's a duchess, calls me 'friend,' and treats me as if I was her equaland equal may I see her with the tallest churchtower in La Mancha! And as for the acorns, seor, I'll send her ladyship a peck and such big ones that one might come to see them as a show and a wonder.
And now, Sanchica, see that the gentleman is comfortable put up his horse, and get some eggs out of the stable, and cut plenty of bacon, and let's give him his dinner like a prince for the good news he has brought, and his own bonny face deserve it all and meanwhile I'll run out and give the neighbours the news of our good luck, and father curate, and Master Nicholas the barber, who are and always have been such friends of thy father's.
'That I will, mother, said Sanchica 'but mind, you must give me half of that string for I don't think my lady the duchess could have been so stupid as to send it all to you. 'It is all for thee, my child, said Teresa 'but let me wear it round my neck for a few days for verily it seems to make my heart glad.
'You will be glad too, said the page, 'when you see the bundle there is in this portmanteau, for it is a suit of the finest cloth, that the governor only wore one day out hunting and now sends, all for Seora Sanchica. 'May he live a thousand years, said Sanchica, 'and the bearer as many, nay two thousand, if needful.
With this Teresa hurried out of the house with the letters, and with the string of beads round her neck, and went along thrumming the letters as if they were a tambourine, and by chance coming across the curate and Samson Carrasco she began capering and saying, 'None of us poor now, faith!
We've got a little government! Ay, let the finest fine lady tackle me, and I'll give her a setting down! 'What's all this, Teresa Panza, said they 'what madness is this, and what papers are those? 'The madness is only this, said she, 'that these are the letters of duchesses and governors, and these I have on my neck are fine coral beads, with avemarias and paternosters of beaten gold, and I am a governess.
'God help us, said the curate, 'we don't understand you, Teresa, or know what you are talking about. 'There, you may see it yourselves, said Teresa, and she handed them the letters. The curate read them out for Samson Carrasco to hear, and Samson and he regarded one another with looks of astonishment at what they had read, and the bachelor asked who had brought the letters.
The curate took the coral beads from her neck and examined them again and again, and having satisfied himself as to their fineness he fell to wondering afresh, and said, 'By the gown I wear I don't know what to say or think of these letters and presents on the one hand I can see and feel the fineness of these coral beads, and on the other I read how a duchess sends to beg for a couple of dozen of acorns.
'Square that if you can, said Carrasco 'well, let's go and see the messenger, and from him we'll learn something about this mystery that has turned up. They did so, and Teresa returned with them. They found the page sifting a little barley for his horse, and Sanchica cutting a rasher of bacon to be paved with eggs for his dinner.
His looks and his handsome apparel pleased them both greatly and after they had saluted him courteously, and he them, Samson begged him to give them his news, as well of Don Quixote as of Sancho Panza, for, he said, though they had read the letters from Sancho and her ladyship the duchess, they were still puzzled and could not make out what was meant by Sancho's government, and above all of an island, when all or most of those in the Mediterranean belonged to his Majesty.
In the middle of this conversation Sanchica came in with her skirt full of eggs, and said she to the page, 'Tell me, seor, does my father wear trunkhose since he has been governor? 'I have not noticed, said the page 'but no doubt he wears them. 'Ah! my God!
said Sanchica, 'what a sight it must be to see my father in tights! Isn't it odd that ever since I was born I have had a longing to see my father in trunkhose? 'As things go you will see that if you live, said the page 'by God he is in the way to take the road with a sunshade if the government only lasts him two months more.
said Sanchica 'would to God it were today instead of tomorrow, even though they were to say when they saw me seated in the coach with my mother, 'See that rubbish, that garlicstuffed fellow's daughter, how she goes stretched at her ease in a coach as if she was a shepope!' But let them tramp through the mud, and let me go in my coach with my feet off the ground.
to thee with something good, swallow it.' Oh no! go to sleep, and don't answer the strokes of good fortune and the lucky chances that are knocking at the door of your house! 'And what do I care, added Sanchica, 'whether anybody says when he sees me holding my head up, 'The dog saw himself in hempen breeches,' and the rest of it?
Hearing this the curate said, 'I do believe that all this family of the Panzas are born with a sackful of proverbs in their insides, every one of them I never saw one of them that does not pour them out at all times and on all occasions. 'That is true, said the page, 'for Seor Governor Sancho utters them at every turn and though a great many of them are not to the purpose, still they amuse one, and my lady the duchess and the duke praise them highly.
Because we, although we have handled the present and read the letters, don't believe it and suspect it to be something in the line of our fellowtownsman Don Quixote, who fancies that everything is done by enchantment and for this reason I am almost ready to say that I'd like to touch and feel your worship to see whether you are a mere ambassador of the imagination or a man of flesh and blood.
'It may be so, said the bachelor 'but dubitat Augustinus. 'Doubt who will, said the page 'what I have told you is the truth, and that will always rise above falsehood as oil above water if not operibus credite, et non verbis. Let one of you come with me, and he will see with his eyes what he does not believe with his ears.
'It's for me to make that trip, said Sanchica 'take me with you, seor, behind you on your horse for I'll go with all my heart to see my father. 'Governors' daughters, said the page, 'must not travel along the roads alone, but accompanied by coaches and litters and a great number of attendants.
'By God, said Sanchica, 'I can go just as well mounted on a sheass as in a coach what a dainty lass you must take me for! 'Hush, girl, said Teresa 'you don't know what you're talking about the gentleman is quite right, for 'as the time so the behaviour' when it was Sancho it was 'Sancha' when it is governor it's 'seora' I don't know if I'm right.
'Seora Teresa says more than she is aware of, said the page 'and now give me something to eat and let me go at once, for I mean to return this evening. 'Come and do penance with me, said the curate at this 'for Seora Teresa has more will than means to serve so worthy a guest.
The bachelor offered to write the letters in reply for Teresa but she did not care to let him mix himself up in her affairs, for she thought him somewhat given to joking and so she gave a cake and a couple of eggs to a young acolyte who was a penman, and he wrote for her two letters, one for her husband and the other for the duchess, dictated out of her own head, which are not the worst inserted in this great history, as will be seen farther on.
Day came after the night of the governor's round a night which the headcarver passed without sleeping, so were his thoughts of the face and air and beauty of the disguised damsel, while the majordomo spent what was left of it in writing an account to his lord and lady of all Sancho said and did, being as much amazed at his sayings as at his doings, for there was a mixture of shrewdness and simplicity in all his words and deeds.
The judges held a consultation over the oath, and they said, 'If we let this man pass free he has sworn falsely, and by the law he ought to die but if we hang him, as he swore he was going to die on that gallows, and therefore swore the truth, by the same law he ought to go free.' It is asked of your worship, seor governor, what are the judges to do with this man?
To this Sancho made answer, 'Indeed those gentlemen the judges that send you to me might have spared themselves the trouble, for I have more of the obtuse than the acute in me but repeat the case over again, so that I may understand it, and then perhaps I may be able to hit the point.
The querist repeated again and again what he had said before, and then Sancho said, 'It seems to me I can set the matter right in a moment, and in this way the man swears that he is going to die upon the gallows but if he dies upon it, he has sworn the truth, and by the law enacted deserves to go free and pass over the bridge but if they don't hang him, then he has sworn falsely, and by the same law deserves to be hanged.
'It is as the seor governor says, said the messenger 'and as regards a complete comprehension of the case, there is nothing left to desire or hesitate about. 'Well then I say, said Sancho, 'that of this man they should let pass the part that has sworn truly, and hang the part that has lied and in this way the conditions of the passage will be fully complied with.
'That is true, said the majordomo 'and I maintain that Lycurgus himself, who gave laws to the Lacedemonians, could not have pronounced a better decision than the great Panza has given let the morning's audience close with this, and I will see that the seor governor has dinner entirely to his liking.
'That's all I ask forfair play, said Sancho 'give me my dinner, and then let it rain cases and questions on me, and I'll despatch them in a twinkling. The majordomo kept his word, for he felt it against his conscience to kill so wise a governor by hunger particularly as he intended to have done with him that same night, playing off the last joke he was commissioned to practise upon him.
It came to pass, then, that after he had dined that day, in opposition to the rules and aphorisms of Doctor Tirteafuera, as they were taking away the cloth there came a courier with a letter from Don Quixote for the governor. Sancho ordered the secretary to read it to himself, and if there was nothing in it that demanded secrecy to read it aloud.
The secretary did so, and after he had skimmed the contents he said, 'It may well be read aloud, for what Seor Don Quixote writes to your worship deserves to be printed or written in letters of gold, and it is as follows. DON QUIXOTE OF LA MANCHA'S LETTER TO SANCHO PANZA, GOVERNOR OF THE ISLAND OF BARATARIA.
When I was expecting to hear of thy stupidities and blunders, friend Sancho, I have received intelligence of thy displays of good sense, for which I give special thanks to heaven that can raise the poor from the dunghill and of fools to make wise men. They tell me thou dost govern as if thou wert a man, and art a man as if thou wert a beast, so great is the humility wherewith thou dost comport thyself.
But I would have thee bear in mind, Sancho, that very often it is fitting and necessary for the authority of office to resist the humility of the heart for the seemly array of one who is invested with grave duties should be such as they require and not measured by what his own humble tastes may lead him to prefer.
Dress well a stick dressed up does not look like a stick I do not say thou shouldst wear trinkets or fine raiment, or that being a judge thou shouldst dress like a soldier, but that thou shouldst array thyself in the apparel thy office requires, and that at the same time it be neat and handsome.
To win the goodwill of the people thou governest there are two things, among others, that thou must do one is to be civil to all (this, however, I told thee before), and the other to take care that food be abundant, for there is nothing that vexes the heart of the poor more than hunger and high prices.
Make not many proclamations but those thou makest take care that they be good ones, and above all that they be observed and carried out for proclamations that are not observed are the same as if they did not exist nay, they encourage the idea that the prince who had the wisdom and authority to make them had not the power to enforce them and laws that threaten and are not enforced come to be like the log, the king of the frogs, that frightened them at first, but that in time they despised and mounted upon.
Visit the gaols, the slaughterhouses, and the marketplaces for the presence of the governor is of great importance in such places it comforts the prisoners who are in hopes of a speedy release, it is the bugbear of the butchers who have then to give just weight, and it is the terror of the marketwomen for the same reason.
Let it not be seen that thou art (even if perchance thou art, which I do not believe) covetous, a follower of women, or a glutton for when the people and those that have dealings with thee become aware of thy special weakness they will bring their batteries to bear upon thee in that quarter, till they have brought thee down to the depths of perdition.
Consider and reconsider, con and con over again the advices and the instructions I gave thee before thy departure hence to thy government, and thou wilt see that in them, if thou dost follow them, thou hast a help at hand that will lighten for thee the troubles and difficulties that beset governors at every step.
Write to thy lord and lady and show thyself grateful to them, for ingratitude is the daughter of pride, and one of the greatest sins we know of and he who is grateful to those who have been good to him shows that he will be so to God also who has bestowed and still bestows so many blessings upon him.
My lady the duchess sent off a messenger with thy suit and another present to thy wife Teresa Panza we expect the answer every moment. I have been a little indisposed through a certain scratching I came in for, not very much to the benefit of my nose but it was nothing for if there are enchanters who maltreat me, there are also some who defend me.
Let me know if the majordomo who is with thee had any share in the Trifaldi performance, as thou didst suspect and keep me informed of everything that happens thee, as the distance is so short all the more as I am thinking of giving over very shortly this idle life I am now leading, for I was not born for it.
A thing has occurred to me which I am inclined to think will put me out of favour with the duke and duchess but though I am sorry for it I do not care, for after all I must obey my calling rather than their pleasure, in accordance with the common saying, amicus Plato, sed magis amica veritas.
Sancho listened to the letter with great attention, and it was praised and considered wise by all who heard it he then rose up from table, and calling his secretary shut himself in with him in his own room, and without putting it off any longer set about answering his master Don Quixote at once and he bade the secretary write down what he told him without adding or suppressing anything, which he did, and the answer was to the following effect.
I say this, master of my soul, that you may not be surprised if I have not until now sent you word of how I fare, well or ill, in this government, in which I am suffering more hunger than when we two were wandering through the woods and wastes.
My lord the duke wrote to me the other day to warn me that certain spies had got into this island to kill me but up to the present I have not found out any except a certain doctor who receives a salary in this town for killing all the governors that come here he is called Doctor Pedro Recio, and is from Tirteafuera so you see what a name he has to make me dread dying under his hands.
In short he is killing me with hunger, and I am dying myself of vexation for when I thought I was coming to this government to get my meat hot and my drink cool, and take my ease between holland sheets on feather beds, I find I have come to do penance as if I was a hermit and as I don't do it willingly I suspect that in the end the devil will carry me off.
So far I have not handled any dues or taken any bribes, and I don't know what to think of it for here they tell me that the governors that come to this island, before entering it have plenty of money either given to them or lent to them by the people of the town, and that this is the usual custom not only here but with all who enter upon governments.
Last night going the rounds I came upon a fair damsel in man's clothes, and a brother of hers dressed as a woman my headcarver has fallen in love with the girl, and has in his own mind chosen her for a wife, so he says, and I have chosen the youth for a soninlaw today we are going to explain our intentions to the father of the pair, who is one Diego de la Llana, a gentleman and an old Christian as much as you please.
I have visited the marketplaces, as your worship advises me, and yesterday I found a stallkeeper selling new hazel nuts and proved her to have mixed a bushel of old empty rotten nuts with a bushel of new I confiscated the whole for the children of the charityschool, who will know how to distinguish them well enough, and I sentenced her not to come into the marketplace for a fortnight they told me I did bravely.
I am very glad my lady the duchess has written to my wife Teresa Panza and sent her the present your worship speaks of and I will strive to show myself grateful when the time comes kiss her hands for me, and tell her I say she has not thrown it into a sack with a hole in it, as she will see in the end.
I should not like your worship to have any difference with my lord and lady for if you fall out with them it is plain it must do me harm and as you give me advice to be grateful it will not do for your worship not to be so yourself to those who have shown you such kindness, and by whom you have been treated so hospitably in their castle.
I wish I could send your worship something but I don't know what to send, unless it be some very curious clyster pipes, to work with bladders, that they make in this island but if the office remains with me I'll find out something to send, one way or another.
If my wife Teresa Panza writes to me, pay the postage and send me the letter, for I have a very great desire to hear how my house and wife and children are going on. And so, may God deliver your worship from evilminded enchanters, and bring me well and peacefully out of this government, which I doubt, for I expect to take leave of it and my life together, from the way Doctor Pedro Recio treats me.
Sancho spent the afternoon in drawing up certain ordinances relating to the good government of what he fancied the island and he ordained that there were to be no provision hucksters in the State, and that men might import wine into it from any place they pleased, provided they declared the quarter it came from, so that a price might be put upon it according to its quality, reputation, and the estimation it was held in and he that watered his wine, or changed the name, was to forfeit his life for it.
He reduced the prices of all manner of shoes, boots, and stockings, but of shoes in particular, as they seemed to him to run extravagantly high. He established a fixed rate for servants' wages, which were becoming recklessly exorbitant. He laid extremely heavy penalties upon those who sang lewd or loose songs either by day or night.
He decreed that no blind man should sing of any miracle in verse, unless he could produce authentic evidence that it was true, for it was his opinion that most of those the blind men sing are trumped up, to the detriment of the true ones. He established and created an alguacil of the poor, not to harass them, but to examine them and see whether they really were so for many a sturdy thief or drunkard goes about under cover of a makebelieve crippled limb or a sham sore.
Cide Hamete relates that Don Quixote being now cured of his scratches felt that the life he was leading in the castle was entirely inconsistent with the order of chivalry he professed, so he determined to ask the duke and duchess to permit him to take his departure for Saragossa, as the time of the festival was now drawing near, and he hoped to win there the suit of armour which is the prize at festivals of the sort.
She complied and disclosed what no one could have ever anticipated, for she disclosed the countenance of Doa Rodriguez, the duenna of the house the other female in mourning being her daughter, who had been made a fool of by the rich farmer's son. All who knew her were filled with astonishment, and the duke and duchess more than any for though they thought her a simpleton and a weak creature, they did not think her capable of crazy pranks.
Doa Rodriguez, at length, turning to her master and mistress said to them, 'Will your excellences be pleased to permit me to speak to this gentleman for a moment, for it is requisite I should do so in order to get successfully out of the business in which the boldness of an evilminded clown has involved me?
And then plucking off a glove he threw it down in the middle of the hall, and the duke picked it up, saying, as he had said before, that he accepted the challenge in the name of his vassal, and fixed six days thence as the time, the courtyard of the castle as the place, and for arms the customary ones of knights, lance and shield and full armour, with all the other accessories, without trickery, guile, or charms of any sort, and examined and passed by the judges of the field.
'But first of all, he said, 'it is requisite that this worthy duenna and unworthy damsel should place their claim for justice in the hands of Don Quixote for otherwise nothing can be done, nor can the said challenge be brought to a lawful issue. 'I do so place it, replied the duenna.
This declaration having been made, and the duke having settled in his own mind what he would do in the matter, the ladies in black withdrew, and the duchess gave orders that for the future they were not to be treated as servants of hers, but as lady adventurers who came to her house to demand justice so they gave them a room to themselves and waited on them as they would on strangers, to the consternation of the other womenservants, who did not know where the folly and imprudence of Doa Rodriguez and her unlucky daughter would stop.
One bore by way of address, Letter for my lady the Duchess Soandso, of I don't know where and the other To my husband Sancho Panza, governor of the island of Barataria, whom God prosper longer than me. The duchess's bread would not bake, as the saying is, until she had read her letter and having looked over it herself and seen that it might be read aloud for the duke and all present to hear, she read out as follows.
I am as vexed as vexed can be that they have gathered no acorns this year in our village for all that I send your highness about half a peck that I went to the wood to gather and pick out one by one myself, and I could find no bigger ones I wish they were as big as ostrich eggs.
Let not your high mightiness forget to write to me and I will take care to answer, and let you know how I am, and whatever news there may be in this place, where I remain, praying our Lord to have your highness in his keeping and not to forget me.
Sancha my daughter, and my son, kiss your worship's hands. She who would rather see your ladyship than write to you, Your servant, TERESA PANZA. All were greatly amused by Teresa Panza's letter, but particularly the duke and duchess and the duchess asked Don Quixote's opinion whether they might open the letter that had come for the governor, which she suspected must be very good.
Don Quixote said that to gratify them he would open it, and did so, and found that it ran as follows. TERESA PANZA'S LETTER TO HER HUSBAND SANCHO PANZA. I got thy letter, Sancho of my soul, and I promise thee and swear as a Catholic Christian that I was within two fingers' breadth of going mad I was so happy.
I had before me the suit thou didst send me, and the coral beads my lady the duchess sent me round my neck, and the letters in my hands, and there was the bearer of them standing by, and in spite of all this I verily believed and thought that what I saw and handled was all a dream for who could have thought that a goatherd would come to be a governor of islands?
Thou knowest, my friend, what my mother used to say, that one must live long to see much I say it because I expect to see more if I live longer for I don't expect to stop until I see thee a farmer of taxes or a collector of revenue, which are offices where, though the devil carries off those who make a bad use of them, still they make and handle money.
Neither the curate, nor the barber, nor the bachelor, nor even the sacristan, can believe that thou art a governor, and they say the whole thing is a delusion or an enchantment affair, like everything belonging to thy master Don Quixote and Samson says he must go in search of thee and drive the government out of thy head and the madness out of Don Quixote's skull I only laugh, and look at my string of beads, and plan out the dress I am going to make for our daughter out of thy suit.
I sent some acorns to my lady the duchess I wish they had been gold. Send me some strings of pearls if they are in fashion in that island. Here is the news of the village La Berrueca has married her daughter to a goodfornothing painter, who came here to paint anything that might turn up.
The council gave him an order to paint his Majesty's arms over the door of the townhall he asked two ducats, which they paid him in advance he worked for eight days, and at the end of them had nothing painted, and then said he had no turn for painting such trifling things he returned the money, and for all that has married on the pretence of being a good workman to be sure he has now laid aside his paintbrush and taken a spade in hand, and goes to the field like a gentleman.
Pedro Lobo's son has received the first orders and tonsure, with the intention of becoming a priest. Minguilla, Mingo Silvato's granddaughter, found it out, and has gone to law with him on the score of having given her promise of marriage. Evil tongues say she is with child by him, but he denies it stoutly.
A company of soldiers passed through here when they left they took away with them three of the girls of the village I will not tell thee who they are perhaps they will come back, and they will be sure to find those who will take them for wives with all their blemishes, good or bad.
Sanchica is making bonelace she earns eight maravedis a day clear, which she puts into a moneybox as a help towards house furnishing but now that she is a governor's daughter thou wilt give her a portion without her working for it. The fountain in the plaza has run dry.
A flash of lightning struck the gibbet, and I wish they all lit there. I look for an answer to this, and to know thy mind about my going to the Court and so, God keep thee longer than me, or as long, for I would not leave thee in this world without me.
Thy wife, TERESA PANZA. The letters were applauded, laughed over, relished, and admired and then, as if to put the seal to the business, the courier arrived, bringing the one Sancho sent to Don Quixote, and this, too, was read out, and it raised some doubts as to the governor's simplicity.
The duchess withdrew to hear from the page about his adventures in Sancho's village, which he narrated at full length without leaving a single circumstance unmentioned. He gave her the acorns, and also a cheese which Teresa had given him as being particularly good and superior to those of Tronchon.
The duchess received it with greatest delight, in which we will leave her, to describe the end of the government of the great Sancho Panza, flower and mirror of all governors of islands. To fancy that in this life anything belonging to it will remain for ever in the same state is an idle fancy on the contrary, in it everything seems to go in a circle, I mean round and round.
The spring succeeds the summer, the summer the fall, the fall the autumn, the autumn the winter, and the winter the spring, and so time rolls with neverceasing wheel. Man's life alone, swifter than time, speeds onward to its end without any hope of renewal, save it be in that other life which is endless and boundless.
Thus saith Cide Hamete the Mahometan philosopher for there are many that by the light of nature alone, without the light of faith, have a comprehension of the fleeting nature and instability of this present life and the endless duration of that eternal life we hope for but our author is here speaking of the rapidity with which Sancho's government came to an end, melted away, disappeared, vanished as it were in smoke and shadow.
For as he lay in bed on the night of the seventh day of his government, sated, not with bread and wine, but with delivering judgments and giving opinions and making laws and proclamations, just as sleep, in spite of hunger, was beginning to close his eyelids, he heard such a noise of bellringing and shouting that one would have fancied the whole island was going to the bottom.
Keeping up this noise, tumult, and uproar, they came to where Sancho stood dazed and bewildered by what he saw and heard, and as they approached one of them called out to him, 'Arm at once, your lordship, if you would not have yourself destroyed and the whole island lost.
'What have I to do with arming? said Sancho. 'What do I know about arms or supports? Better leave all that to my master Don Quixote, who will settle it and make all safe in a trice for I, sinner that I am, God help me, don't understand these scuffles.
'Arm me then, in God's name, said Sancho, and they at once produced two large shields they had come provided with, and placed them upon him over his shirt, without letting him put on anything else, one shield in front and the other behind, and passing his arms through openings they had made, they bound him tight with ropes, so that there he was walled and boarded up as straight as a spindle and unable to bend his knees or stir a single step.
In his hand they placed a lance, on which he leant to keep himself from falling, and as soon as they had him thus fixed they bade him march forward and lead them on and give them all courage for with him for their guide and lamp and morning star, they were sure to bring their business to a successful issue.
'How am I to march, unlucky being that I am? said Sancho, 'when I can't stir my kneecaps, for these boards I have bound so tight to my body won't let me. What you must do is carry me in your arms, and lay me across or set me upright in some postern, and I'll hold it either with this lance or with my body.
'On, seor governor! cried another, 'it is fear more than the boards that keeps you from moving make haste, stir yourself, for there is no time to lose the enemy is increasing in numbers, the shouts grow louder, and the danger is pressing. Urged by these exhortations and reproaches the poor governor made an attempt to advance, but fell to the ground with such a crash that he fancied he had broken himself all to pieces.
Some stumbled over him, others fell upon him, and one there was who took up a position on top of him for some time, and from thence as if from a watchtower issued orders to the troops, shouting out, 'Here, our side! Here the enemy is thickest! Hold the breach there!
In short, in his ardour he mentioned every little thing, and every implement and engine of war by means of which an assault upon a city is warded off, while the bruised and battered Sancho, who heard and suffered all, was saying to himself, 'O if it would only please the Lord to let the island be lost at once, and I could see myself either dead or out of this torture!
Heaven heard his prayer, and when he least expected it he heard voices exclaiming, 'Victory, victory! The enemy retreats beaten! Come, seor governor, get up, and come and enjoy the victory, and divide the spoils that have been won from the foe by the might of that invincible arm. 'Lift me up, said the wretched Sancho in a woebegone voice.
They helped him to rise, and as soon as he was on his feet said, 'The enemy I have beaten you may nail to my forehead I don't want to divide the spoils of the foe, I only beg and entreat some friend, if I have one, to give me a sup of wine, for I'm parched with thirst, and wipe me dry, for I'm turning to water.
They rubbed him down, fetched him wine and unbound the shields, and he seated himself upon his bed, and with fear, agitation, and fatigue he fainted away. Those who had been concerned in the joke were now sorry they had pushed it so far however, the anxiety his fainting away had caused them was relieved by his returning to himself.
Then having Dapple saddled, he, with great pain and difficulty, got up on him, and addressing himself to the majordomo, the secretary, the headcarver, and Pedro Recio the doctor and several others who stood by, he said, 'Make way, gentlemen, and let me go back to my old freedom let me go look for my past life, and raise myself up from this present death.
I was not born to be a governor or protect islands or cities from the enemies that choose to attack them. Ploughing and digging, vinedressing and pruning, are more in my way than defending provinces or kingdoms. Saint Peter is very well at Rome I mean each of us is best following the trade he was born to.
A reapinghook fits my hand better than a governor's sceptre I'd rather have my fill of gazpacho than be subject to the misery of a meddling doctor who kills me with hunger, and I'd rather lie in summer under the shade of an oak, and in winter wrap myself in a double sheepskin jacket in freedom, than go to bed between holland sheets and dress in sables under the restraint of a government.
God be with your worships, and tell my lord the duke that 'naked I was born, naked I find myself, I neither lose nor gain' I mean that without a farthing I came into this government, and without a farthing I go out of it, very different from the way governors commonly leave other islands.
'That is unnecessary, seor governor, said Doctor Recio, 'for I will give your worship a draught against falls and bruises that will soon make you as sound and strong as ever and as for your diet I promise your worship to behave better, and let you eat plentifully of whatever you like.
'You spoke late, said Sancho. 'I'd as soon turn Turk as stay any longer. Those jokes won't pass a second time. By God I'd as soon remain in this government, or take another, even if it was offered me between two plates, as fly to heaven without wings. I am of the breed of the Panzas, and they are every one of them obstinate, and if they once say 'odds,' odds it must be, no matter if it is evens, in spite of all the world.
Here in this stable I leave the ant's wings that lifted me up into the air for the swifts and other birds to eat me, and let's take to level ground and our feet once more and if they're not shod in pinked shoes of cordovan, they won't want for rough sandals of hemp 'every ewe to her like,' 'and let no one stretch his leg beyond the length of the sheet' and now let me pass, for it's growing late with me.
To this the majordomo said, 'Seor governor, we would let your worship go with all our hearts, though it sorely grieves us to lose you, for your wit and Christian conduct naturally make us regret you but it is well known that every governor, before he leaves the place where he has been governing, is bound first of all to render an account.
'No one can demand it of me, said Sancho, 'but he whom my lord the duke shall appoint I am going to meet him, and to him I will render an exact one besides, when I go forth naked as I do, there is no other proof needed to show that I have governed like an angel.
'By God the great Sancho is right, said Doctor Recio, 'and we should let him go, for the duke will be beyond measure glad to see him. They all agreed to this, and allowed him to go, first offering to bear him company and furnish him with all he wanted for his own comfort or for the journey.
Sancho said he did not want anything more than a little barley for Dapple, and half a cheese and half a loaf for himself for the distance being so short there was no occasion for any better or bulkier provant. They all embraced him, and he with tears embraced all of them, and left them filled with admiration not only at his remarks but at his firm and sensible resolution.
The duke and duchess resolved that the challenge Don Quixote had, for the reason already mentioned, given their vassal, should be proceeded with and as the young man was in Flanders, whither he had fled to escape having Doa Rodriguez for a motherinlaw, they arranged to substitute for him a Gascon lacquey, named Tosilos, first of all carefully instructing him in all he had to do.
Two days later the duke told Don Quixote that in four days from that time his opponent would present himself on the field of battle armed as a knight, and would maintain that the damsel lied by half a beard, nay a whole beard, if she affirmed that he had given her a promise of marriage.
Don Quixote was greatly pleased at the news, and promised himself to do wonders in the lists, and reckoned it rare good fortune that an opportunity should have offered for letting his noble hosts see what the might of his strong arm was capable of and so in high spirits and satisfaction he awaited the expiration of the four days, which measured by his impatience seemed spinning themselves out into four hundred ages.
Let us leave them to pass as we do other things, and go and bear Sancho company, as mounted on Dapple, half glad, half sad, he paced along on his road to join his master, in whose society he was happier than in being governor of all the islands in the world.
On this one of them took a purse out of his bosom and showed it to Sancho, by which he comprehended they were asking for money, and putting his thumb to his throat and spreading his hand upwards he gave them to understand that he had not the sign of a coin about him, and urging Dapple forward he broke through them.
But as he was passing, one of them who had been examining him very closely rushed towards him, and flinging his arms round him exclaimed in a loud voice and good Spanish, 'God bless me! What's this I see? Is it possible that I hold in my arms my dear friend, my good neighbour Sancho Panza?
But there's no doubt about it, for I'm not asleep, nor am I drunk just now. Sancho was surprised to hear himself called by his name and find himself embraced by a foreign pilgrim, and after regarding him steadily without speaking he was still unable to recognise him but the pilgrim perceiving his perplexity cried, 'What!
and is it possible, Sancho Panza, that thou dost not know thy neighbour Ricote, the Morisco shopkeeper of thy village? Sancho upon this looking at him more carefully began to recall his features, and at last recognised him perfectly, and without getting off the ass threw his arms round his neck saying, 'Who the devil could have known thee, Ricote, in this mummer's dress thou art in?
'If thou dost not betray me, Sancho, said the pilgrim, 'I am safe for in this dress no one will recognise me but let us turn aside out of the road into that grove there where my comrades are going to eat and rest, and thou shalt eat with them there, for they are very good fellows I'll have time enough to tell thee then all that has happened me since I left our village in obedience to his Majesty's edict that threatened such severities against the unfortunate people of my nation, as thou hast heard.
Sancho complied, and Ricote having spoken to the other pilgrims they withdrew to the grove they saw, turning a considerable distance out of the road. They threw down their staves, took off their pilgrim's cloaks and remained in their underclothing they were all goodlooking young fellows, except Ricote, who was a man somewhat advanced in years.
They carried alforjas all of them, and all apparently well filled, at least with things provocative of thirst, such as would summon it from two leagues off. They stretched themselves on the ground, and making a tablecloth of the grass they spread upon it bread, salt, knives, walnut, scraps of cheese, and wellpicked hambones which if they were past gnawing were not past sucking.
But what made the best show in the field of the banquet was half a dozen botas of wine, for each of them produced his own from his alforjas even the good Ricote, who from a Morisco had transformed himself into a German or Dutchman, took out his, which in size might have vied with the five others.
Sancho beheld all, 'and nothing gave him pain so far from that, acting on the proverb he knew so well, 'when thou art at Rome do as thou seest, he asked Ricote for his bota and took aim like the rest of them, and with not less enjoyment. Four times did the botas bear being uplifted, but the fifth it was all in vain, for they were drier and more sapless than a rush by that time, which made the jollity that had been kept up so far begin to flag.
Every now and then someone of them would grasp Sancho's right hand in his own saying, 'Espaol y Tudesqui tuto uno bon compao and Sancho would answer, 'Bon compao, jur a Di! and then go off into a fit of laughter that lasted an hour, without a thought for the moment of anything that had befallen him in his government for cares have very little sway over us while we are eating and drinking.
In short it was with just cause that we were visited with the penalty of banishment, a mild and lenient one in the eyes of some, but to us the most terrible that could be inflicted upon us. Wherever we are we weep for Spain for after all we were born there and it is our natural fatherland.
We knew not our good fortune until we lost it and such is the longing we almost all of us have to return to Spain, that most of those who like myself know the language, and there are many who do, come back to it and leave their wives and children forsaken yonder, so great is their love for it and now I know by experience the meaning of the saying, sweet is the love of one's country.
'I left our village, as I said, and went to France, but though they gave us a kind reception there I was anxious to see all I could. I crossed into Italy, and reached Germany, and there it seemed to me we might live with more freedom, as the inhabitants do not pay any attention to trifling points everyone lives as he likes, for in most parts they enjoy liberty of conscience.
To this Sancho replied, 'Remember, Ricote, that may not have been open to them, for Juan Tiopieyo thy wife's brother took them, and being a true Moor he went where he could go most easily and another thing I can tell thee, it is my belief thou art going in vain to look for what thou hast left buried, for we heard they took from thy brotherinlaw and thy wife a great quantity of pearls and money in gold which they brought to be passed.
'That may be, said Ricote 'but I know they did not touch my hoard, for I did not tell them where it was, for fear of accidents and so, if thou wilt come with me, Sancho, and help me to take it away and conceal it, I will give thee two hundred crowns wherewith thou mayest relieve thy necessities, and, as thou knowest, I know they are many.
'I would do it, said Sancho 'but I am not at all covetous, for I gave up an office this morning in which, if I was, I might have made the walls of my house of gold and dined off silver plates before six months were over and so for this reason, and because I feel I would be guilty of treason to my king if I helped his enemies, I would not go with thee if instead of promising me two hundred crowns thou wert to give me four hundred here in hand.
'And what office is this thou hast given up, Sancho? asked Ricote. 'I have given up being governor of an island, said Sancho, 'and such a one, faith, as you won't find the like of easily. 'And where is this island? said Ricote. 'Where? said Sancho 'two leagues from here, and it is called the island of Barataria.
'Nonsense! Sancho, said Ricote 'islands are away out in the sea there are no islands on the mainland. 'What? No islands! said Sancho 'I tell thee, friend Ricote, I left it this morning, and yesterday I was governing there as I pleased like a sagittarius but for all that I gave it up, for it seemed to me a dangerous office, a governor's.
'I have gained, said Sancho, 'the knowledge that I am no good for governing, unless it is a drove of cattle, and that the riches that are to be got by these governments are got at the cost of one's rest and sleep, ay and even one's food for in islands the governors must eat little, especially if they have doctors to look after their health.
Hold thy peace, Sancho, and come back to thy senses, and consider whether thou wilt come with me as I said to help me to take away treasure I left buried (for indeed it may be called a treasure, it is so large), and I will give thee wherewithal to keep thee, as I told thee.
'And I have told thee already, Ricote, that I will not, said Sancho 'let it content thee that by me thou shalt not be betrayed, and go thy way in God's name and let me go mine for I know that wellgotten gain may be lost, but illgotten gain is lost, itself and its owner likewise.
'I will not press thee, Sancho, said Ricote 'but tell me, wert thou in our village when my wife and daughter and brotherinlaw left it? 'I was so, said Sancho 'and I can tell thee thy daughter left it looking so lovely that all the village turned out to see her, and everybody said she was the fairest creature in the world.
She wept as she went, and embraced all her friends and acquaintances and those who came out to see her, and she begged them all to commend her to God and Our Lady his mother, and this in such a touching way that it made me weep myself, though I'm not much given to tears commonly and, faith, many a one would have liked to hide her, or go out and carry her off on the road but the fear of going against the king's command kept them back.
The one who showed himself most moved was Don Pedro Gregorio, the rich young heir thou knowest of, and they say he was deep in love with her and since she left he has not been seen in our village again, and we all suspect he has gone after her to steal her away, but so far nothing has been heard of it.
'I always had a suspicion that gentleman had a passion for my daughter, said Ricote 'but as I felt sure of my Ricota's virtue it gave me no uneasiness to know that he loved her for thou must have heard it said, Sancho, that the Morisco women seldom or never engage in amours with the old Christians and my daughter, who I fancy thought more of being a Christian than of lovemaking, would not trouble herself about the attentions of this heir.
'God grant it, said Sancho, 'for it would be a bad business for both of them but now let me be off, friend Ricote, for I want to reach where my master Don Quixote is tonight. 'God be with thee, brother Sancho, said Ricote 'my comrades are beginning to stir, and it is time, too, for us to continue our journey and then they both embraced, and Sancho mounted Dapple, and Ricote leant upon his staff, and so they parted.
This, however, as it was summer time, did not give him much uneasiness, and he turned aside out of the road intending to wait for morning but his ill luck and hard fate so willed it that as he was searching about for a place to make himself as comfortable as possible, he and Dapple fell into a deep dark hole that lay among some very old buildings.
As he fell he commended himself with all his heart to God, fancying he was not going to stop until he reached the depths of the bottomless pit but it did not turn out so, for at little more than thrice a man's height Dapple touched bottom, and he found himself sitting on him without having received any hurt or damage whatever.
He felt himself all over and held his breath to try whether he was quite sound or had a hole made in him anywhere, and finding himself all right and whole and in perfect health he was profuse in his thanks to God our Lord for the mercy that had been shown him, for he made sure he had been broken into a thousand pieces.
He also felt along the sides of the pit with his hands to see if it were possible to get out of it without help, but he found they were quite smooth and afforded no hold anywhere, at which he was greatly distressed, especially when he heard how pathetically and dolefully Dapple was bemoaning himself, and no wonder he complained, nor was it from illtemper, for in truth he was not in a very good case.
'Alas, said Sancho, 'what unexpected accidents happen at every step to those who live in this miserable world! Who would have said that one who saw himself yesterday sitting on a throne, governor of an island, giving orders to his servants and his vassals, would see himself today buried in a pit without a soul to help him, or servant or vassal to come to his relief?
At any rate I'll not be as lucky as my master Don Quixote of La Mancha, when he went down into the cave of that enchanted Montesinos, where he found people to make more of him than if he had been in his own house for it seems he came in for a table laid out and a bed ready made.
They'll take up my bones out of this, when it is heaven's will that I'm found, picked clean, white and polished, and my good Dapple's with them, and by that, perhaps, it will be found out who we are, at least by such as have heard that Sancho Panza never separated from his ass, nor his ass from Sancho Panza.
Unlucky wretches, I say again, that our hard fate should not let us die in our own country and among our own people, where if there was no help for our misfortune, at any rate there would be someone to grieve for it and to close our eyes as we passed away!
O comrade and friend, how ill have I repaid thy faithful services! Forgive me, and entreat Fortune, as well as thou canst, to deliver us out of this miserable strait we are both in and I promise to put a crown of laurel on thy head, and make thee look like a poet laureate, and give thee double feeds.
At length, after a night spent in bitter moanings and lamentations, day came, and by its light Sancho perceived that it was wholly impossible to escape out of that pit without help, and he fell to bemoaning his fate and uttering loud shouts to find out if there was anyone within hearing but all his shouting was only crying in the wilderness, for there was not a soul anywhere in the neighbourhood to hear him, and then at last he gave himself up for dead.
Dapple was lying on his back, and Sancho helped him to his feet, which he was scarcely able to keep and then taking a piece of bread out of his alforjas which had shared their fortunes in the fall, he gave it to the ass, to whom it was not unwelcome, saying to him as if he understood him, 'With bread all sorrows are less.
And now he perceived on one side of the pit a hole large enough to admit a person if he stooped and squeezed himself into a small compass. Sancho made for it, and entered it by creeping, and found it wide and spacious on the inside, which he was able to see as a ray of sunlight that penetrated what might be called the roof showed it all plainly.
He observed too that it opened and widened out into another spacious cavity seeing which he made his way back to where the ass was, and with a stone began to pick away the clay from the hole until in a short time he had made room for the beast to pass easily, and this accomplished, taking him by the halter, he proceeded to traverse the cavern to see if there was any outlet at the other end.
Here Cide Hamete leaves him, and returns to Don Quixote, who in high spirits and satisfaction was looking forward to the day fixed for the battle he was to fight with him who had robbed Doa Rodriguez's daughter of her honour, for whom he hoped to obtain satisfaction for the wrong and injury shamefully done to her.
It came to pass, then, that having sallied forth one morning to practise and exercise himself in what he would have to do in the encounter he expected to find himself engaged in the next day, as he was putting Rocinante through his paces or pressing him to the charge, he brought his feet so close to a pit that but for reining him in tightly it would have been impossible for him to avoid falling into it.
He pulled him up, however, without a fall, and coming a little closer examined the hole without dismounting but as he was looking at it he heard loud cries proceeding from it, and by listening attentively was able to make out that he who uttered them was saying, 'Ho, above there!
is there any Christian that hears me, or any charitable gentleman that will take pity on a sinner buried alive, on an unfortunate disgoverned governor? It struck Don Quixote that it was the voice of Sancho Panza he heard, whereat he was taken aback and amazed, and raising his own voice as much as he could, he cried out, 'Who is below there?
'By all that's good, was the answer, 'and by the birth of whomsoever your worship chooses, I swear, Seor Don Quixote of La Mancha, that I am your squire Sancho Panza, and that I have never died all my life but that, having given up my government for reasons that would require more time to explain, I fell last night into this pit where I am now, and Dapple is witness and won't let me lie, for more by token he is here with me.
Nor was this all one would have fancied the ass understood what Sancho said, because that moment he began to bray so loudly that the whole cave rang again. 'Famous testimony! exclaimed Don Quixote 'I know that bray as well as if I was its mother, and thy voice too, my Sancho.
Wait while I go to the duke's castle, which is close by, and I will bring someone to take thee out of this pit into which thy sins no doubt have brought thee. 'Go, your worship, said Sancho, 'and come back quick for God's sake for I cannot bear being buried alive any longer, and I'm dying of fear.
Don Quixote left him, and hastened to the castle to tell the duke and duchess what had happened Sancho, and they were not a little astonished at it they could easily understand his having fallen, from the confirmatory circumstance of the cave which had been in existence there from time immemorial but they could not imagine how he had quitted the government without their receiving any intimation of his coming.
To be brief, they fetched ropes and tackle, as the saying is, and by dint of many hands and much labour they drew up Dapple and Sancho Panza out of the darkness into the light of day. A student who saw him remarked, 'That's the way all bad governors should come out of their governments, as this sinner comes out of the depths of the pit, dead with hunger, pale, and I suppose without a farthing.
'Be not angry or annoyed at what thou hearest, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'or there will never be an end of it keep a safe conscience and let them say what they like for trying to stop slanderers' tongues is like trying to put gates to the open plain. If a governor comes out of his government rich, they say he has been a thief and if he comes out poor, that he has been a noodle and a blockhead.
I have answered questions, I have decided causes, and always dying of hunger, for Doctor Pedro Recio of Tirteafuera, the island and governor doctor, would have it so. Enemies attacked us by night and put us in a great quandary, but the people of the island say they came off safe and victorious by the might of my arm and may God give them as much health as there's truth in what they say.
In short, during that time I have weighed the cares and responsibilities governing brings with it, and by my reckoning I find my shoulders can't bear them, nor are they a load for my loins or arrows for my quiver and so, before the government threw me over I preferred to throw the government over and yesterday morning I left the island as I found it, with the same streets, houses, and roofs it had when I entered it.
I asked no loan of anybody, nor did I try to fill my pocket and though I meant to make some useful laws, I made hardly any, as I was afraid they would not be kept for in that case it comes to the same thing to make them or not to make them.
I quitted the island, as I said, without any escort except my ass I fell into a pit, I pushed on through it, until this morning by the light of the sun I saw an outlet, but not so easy a one but that, had not heaven sent me my master Don Quixote, I'd have stayed there till the end of the world.
Here Sancho brought his long speech to an end, Don Quixote having been the whole time in dread of his uttering a host of absurdities and when he found him leave off with so few, he thanked heaven in his heart. The duke embraced Sancho and told him he was heartily sorry he had given up the government so soon, but that he would see that he was provided with some other post on his estate less onerous and more profitable.
The duke and duchess had no reason to regret the joke that had been played upon Sancho Panza in giving him the government especially as their majordomo returned the same day, and gave them a minute account of almost every word and deed that Sancho uttered or did during the time and to wind up with, eloquently described to them the attack upon the island and Sancho's fright and departure, with which they were not a little amused.
The dread day, then, having arrived, and the duke having ordered a spacious stand to be erected facing the court of the castle for the judges of the field and the appellant duennas, mother and daughter, vast crowds flocked from all the villages and hamlets of the neighbourhood to see the novel spectacle of the battle nobody, dead or alive, in those parts having ever seen or heard of such a one.
The first person to enter the field and the lists was the master of the ceremonies, who surveyed and paced the whole ground to see that there was nothing unfair and nothing concealed to make the combatants stumble or fall then the duennas entered and seated themselves, enveloped in mantles covering their eyes, nay even their bosoms, and displaying no slight emotion as Don Quixote appeared in the lists.
Shortly afterwards, accompanied by several trumpets and mounted on a powerful steed that threatened to crush the whole place, the great lacquey Tosilos made his appearance on one side of the courtyard with his visor down and stiffly cased in a suit of stout shining armour. The horse was a manifest Frieslander, broadbacked and fleabitten, and with half a hundred of wool hanging to each of his fetlocks.
The gallant combatant came well primed by his master the duke as to how he was to bear himself against the valiant Don Quixote of La Mancha being warned that he must on no account slay him, but strive to shirk the first encounter so as to avoid the risk of killing him, as he was sure to do if he met him full tilt.
He crossed the courtyard at a walk, and coming to where the duennas were placed stopped to look at her who demanded him for a husband the marshal of the field summoned Don Quixote, who had already presented himself in the courtyard, and standing by the side of Tosilos he addressed the duennas, and asked them if they consented that Don Quixote of La Mancha should do battle for their right.
They said they did, and that whatever he should do in that behalf they declared rightly done, final and valid. By this time the duke and duchess had taken their places in a gallery commanding the enclosure, which was filled to overflowing with a multitude of people eager to see this perilous and unparalleled encounter.
The conditions of the combat were that if Don Quixote proved the victor his antagonist was to marry the daughter of Doa Rodriguez but if he should be vanquished his opponent was released from the promise that was claimed against him and from all obligations to give satisfaction. The master of the ceremonies apportioned the sun to them, and stationed them, each on the spot where he was to stand.
The drums beat, the sound of the trumpets filled the air, the earth trembled under foot, the hearts of the gazing crowd were full of anxiety, some hoping for a happy issue, some apprehensive of an untoward ending to the affair, and lastly, Don Quixote, commending himself with all his heart to God our Lord and to the lady Dulcinea del Toboso, stood waiting for them to give the necessary signal for the onset.
Well then, when they gave the signal for the onset our lacquey was in an ecstasy, musing upon the beauty of her whom he had already made mistress of his liberty, and so he paid no attention to the sound of the trumpet, unlike Don Quixote, who was off the instant he heard it, and, at the highest speed Rocinante was capable of, set out to meet his enemy, his good squire Sancho shouting lustily as he saw him start, 'God guide thee, cream and flower of knightserrant!
But though Tosilos saw Don Quixote coming at him he never stirred a step from the spot where he was posted and instead of doing so called loudly to the marshal of the field, to whom when he came up to see what he wanted he said, 'Seor, is not this battle to decide whether I marry or do not marry that lady?
'Just so, was the answer. 'Well then, said the lacquey, 'I feel qualms of conscience, and I should lay a heavy burden upon it if I were to proceed any further with the combat I therefore declare that I yield myself vanquished, and that I am willing to marry the lady at once.
The marshal of the field was lost in astonishment at the words of Tosilos and as he was one of those who were privy to the arrangement of the affair he knew not what to say in reply. Don Quixote pulled up in mid career when he saw that his enemy was not coming on to the attack.
The duke could not make out the reason why the battle did not go on but the marshal of the field hastened to him to let him know what Tosilos said, and he was amazed and extremely angry at it. In the meantime Tosilos advanced to where Doa Rodriguez sat and said in a loud voice, 'Seora, I am willing to marry your daughter, and I have no wish to obtain by strife and fighting what I can obtain in peace and without any risk to my life.
The valiant Don Quixote heard him, and said, 'As that is the case I am released and absolved from my promise let them marry by all means, and as 'God our Lord has given her, may Saint Peter add his blessing.' The duke had now descended to the courtyard of the castle, and going up to Tosilos he said to him, 'Is it true, sir knight, that you yield yourself vanquished, and that moved by scruples of conscience you wish to marry this damsel?
'It is, seor, replied Tosilos. 'And he does well, said Sancho, 'for what thou hast to give to the mouse, give to the cat, and it will save thee all trouble. Tosilos meanwhile was trying to unlace his helmet, and he begged them to come to his help at once, as his power of breathing was failing him, and he could not remain so long shut up in that confined space.
They removed it in all haste, and his lacquey features were revealed to public gaze. At this sight Doa Rodriguez and her daughter raised a mighty outcry, exclaiming, 'This is a trick! This is a trick! They have put Tosilos, my lord the duke's lacquey, upon us in place of the real husband.
'Do not distress yourselves, ladies, said Don Quixote 'for this is no trickery or roguery or if it is, it is not the duke who is at the bottom of it, but those wicked enchanters who persecute me, and who, jealous of my reaping the glory of this victory, have turned your husband's features into those of this person, who you say is a lacquey of the duke's take my advice, and notwithstanding the malice of my enemies marry him, for beyond a doubt he is the one you wish for a husband.
A knight that he overcame some time back, called the Knight of the Mirrors, they turned into the shape of the bachelor Samson Carrasco of our town and a great friend of ours and my lady Dulcinea del Toboso they have turned into a common country wench so I suspect this lacquey will have to live and die a lacquey all the days of his life.
Here the Rodriguez's daughter exclaimed, 'Let him be who he may, this man that claims me for a wife I am thankful to him for the same, for I had rather be the lawful wife of a lacquey than the cheated mistress of a gentleman though he who played me false is nothing of the kind.
All hailed Don Quixote as victor, but the greater number were vexed and disappointed at finding that the combatants they had been so anxiously waiting for had not battered one another to pieces, just as the boys are disappointed when the man they are waiting to see hanged does not come out, because the prosecution or the court has pardoned him.
Don Quixote now felt it right to quit a life of such idleness as he was leading in the castle for he fancied that he was making himself sorely missed by suffering himself to remain shut up and inactive amid the countless luxuries and enjoyments his hosts lavished upon him as a knight, and he felt too that he would have to render a strict account to heaven of that indolence and seclusion and so one day he asked the duke and duchess to grant him permission to take his departure.
The duchess gave his wife's letters to Sancho Panza, who shed tears over them, saying, 'Who would have thought that such grand hopes as the news of my government bred in my wife Teresa Panza's breast would end in my going back now to the vagabond adventures of my master Don Quixote of La Mancha?
Still I'm glad to see my Teresa behaved as she ought in sending the acorns, for if she had not sent them I'd have been sorry, and she'd have shown herself ungrateful. It is a comfort to me that they can't call that present a bribe for I had got the government already when she sent them, and it's but reasonable that those who have had a good turn done them should show their gratitude, if it's only with a trifle.
After all I went into the government naked, and I come out of it naked so I can say with a safe conscienceand that's no small matter'naked I was born, naked I find myself, I neither lose nor gain.' Thus did Sancho soliloquise on the day of their departure, as Don Quixote, who had the night before taken leave of the duke and duchess, coming out made his appearance at an early hour in full armour in the courtyard of the castle.
Sancho was mounted on his Dapple, with his alforjas, valise, and proven supremely happy because the duke's majordomo, the same that had acted the part of the Trifaldi, had given him a little purse with two hundred gold crowns to meet the necessary expenses of the road, but of this Don Quixote knew nothing as yet.
While all were, as has been said, observing him, suddenly from among the duennas and handmaidens the impudent and witty Altisidora lifted up her voice and said in pathetic tones Give ear, cruel knight Draw rein where's the need Of spurring the flanks Of that illbroken steed? From what art thou flying?
In thy claws, ruthless robber, Thou bearest away The heart of a meek Loving maid for thy prey, Three kerchiefs thou stealest, And garters a pair, From legs than the whitest Of marble more fair And the sighs that pursue thee Would burn to the ground Two thousand Troy Towns, If so many were found.
Bireno, neas, what worse shall I call thee? Barabbas go with thee! All evil befall thee! May no bowels of mercy To Sancho be granted, And thy Dulcinea Be left still enchanted, May thy falsehood to me Find its punishment in her, For in my land the just Often pays for the sinner.
May thy name be abhorred For thy conduct to ladies, From London to England, From Seville to Cadiz May thy cards be unlucky, Thy hands contain ne'er a King, seven, or ace When thou playest primera When thy corns are cut May it be to the quick When thy grinders are drawn May the roots of them stick.
All the while the unhappy Altisidora was bewailing herself in the above strain Don Quixote stood staring at her and without uttering a word in reply to her he turned round to Sancho and said, 'Sancho my friend, I conjure thee by the life of thy forefathers tell me the truth say, hast thou by any chance taken the three kerchiefs and the garters this lovesick maid speaks of?
To this Sancho made answer, 'The three kerchiefs I have but the garters, as much as 'over the hills of beda.' The duchess was amazed at Altisidora's assurance she knew that she was bold, lively, and impudent, but not so much so as to venture to make free in this fashion and not being prepared for the joke, her astonishment was all the greater.
The duke had a mind to keep up the sport, so he said, 'It does not seem to me well done in you, sir knight, that after having received the hospitality that has been offered you in this very castle, you should have ventured to carry off even three kerchiefs, not to say my handmaid's garters.
It shows a bad heart and does not tally with your reputation. Restore her garters, or else I defy you to mortal combat, for I am not afraid of rascally enchanters changing or altering my features as they changed his who encountered you into those of my lacquey, Tosilos. 'God forbid, said Don Quixote, 'that I should draw my sword against your illustrious person from which I have received such great favours.
The kerchiefs I will restore, as Sancho says he has them as to the garters that is impossible, for I have not got them, neither has he and if your handmaiden here will look in her hidingplaces, depend upon it she will find them. I have never been a thief, my lord duke, nor do I mean to be so long as I live, if God cease not to have me in his keeping.
This damsel by her own confession speaks as one in love, for which I am not to blame, and therefore need not ask pardon, either of her or of your excellence, whom I entreat to have a better opinion of me, and once more to give me leave to pursue my journey.
'And may God so prosper it, Seor Don Quixote, said the duchess, 'that we may always hear good news of your exploits God speed you for the longer you stay, the more you inflame the hearts of the damsels who behold you and as for this one of mine, I will so chastise her that she will not transgress again, either with her eyes or with her words.
'One word and no more, O valiant Don Quixote, I ask you to hear, said Altisidora, 'and that is that I beg your pardon about the theft of the garters for by God and upon my soul I have got them on, and I have fallen into the same blunder as he did who went looking for his ass being all the while mounted on it.
'Didn't I say so? said Sancho. 'I'm a likely one to hide thefts! Why if I wanted to deal in them, opportunities came ready enough to me in my government. Don Quixote bowed his head, and saluted the duke and duchess and all the bystanders, and wheeling Rocinante round, Sancho following him on Dapple, he rode out of the castle, shaping his course for Saragossa.
When Don Quixote saw himself in open country, free, and relieved from the attentions of Altisidora, he felt at his ease, and in fresh spirits to take up the pursuit of chivalry once more and turning to Sancho, he said, 'Freedom, Sancho, is one of the most precious gifts that heaven has bestowed upon men no treasures that the earth holds buried or the sea conceals can compare with it for freedom, as for honour, life may and should be ventured and on the other hand, captivity is the greatest evil that can fall to the lot of man.
I say this, Sancho, because thou hast seen the good cheer, the abundance we have enjoyed in this castle we are leaving well then, amid those dainty banquets and snowcooled beverages I felt as though I were undergoing the straits of hunger, because I did not enjoy them with the same freedom as if they had been mine own for the sense of being under an obligation to return benefits and favours received is a restraint that checks the independence of the spirit.
'For all your worship says, said Sancho, 'it is not becoming that there should be no thanks on our part for two hundred gold crowns that the duke's majordomo has given me in a little purse which I carry next my heart, like a warming plaster or comforter, to meet any chance calls for we shan't always find castles where they'll entertain us now and then we may light upon roadside inns where they'll cudgel us.
In conversation of this sort the knight and squire errant were pursuing their journey, when, after they had gone a little more than half a league, they perceived some dozen men dressed like labourers stretched upon their cloaks on the grass of a green meadow eating their dinner. They had beside them what seemed to be white sheets concealing some objects under them, standing upright or lying flat, and arranged at intervals.
Don Quixote approached the diners, and, saluting them courteously first, he asked them what it was those cloths covered. 'Seor, answered one of the party, 'under these cloths are some images carved in relief intended for a retablo we are putting up in our village we carry them covered up that they may not be soiled, and on our shoulders that they may not be broken.
said the other 'let the money they cost speak for that for as a matter of fact there is not one of them that does not stand us in more than fifty ducats and that your worship may judge wait a moment, and you shall see with your own eyes and getting up from his dinner he went and uncovered the first image, which proved to be one of Saint George on horseback with a serpent writhing at his feet and the lance thrust down its throat with all that fierceness that is usually depicted.
The whole group was one blaze of gold, as the saying is. On seeing it Don Quixote said, 'That knight was one of the best knightserrant the army of heaven ever owned he was called Don Saint George, and he was moreover a defender of maidens. Let us see this next one.
The instant Don Quixote saw it he said, 'This knight too was one of the Christian adventurers, but I believe he was generous rather than valiant, as thou mayest perceive, Sancho, by his dividing his cloak with the beggar and giving him half of it no doubt it was winter at the time, for otherwise he would have given him the whole of it, so charitable was he.
'It was not that, most likely, said Sancho, 'but that he held with the proverb that says, 'For giving and keeping there's need of brains.' Don Quixote laughed, and asked them to take off the next cloth, underneath which was seen the image of the patron saint of the Spains seated on horseback, his sword stained with blood, trampling on Moors and treading heads underfoot and on seeing it Don Quixote exclaimed, 'Ay, this is a knight, and of the squadrons of Christ!
This one is called Don Saint James the Moorslayer, one of the bravest saints and knights the world ever had or heaven has now. They then raised another cloth which it appeared covered Saint Paul falling from his horse, with all the details that are usually given in representations of his conversion.
When Don Quixote saw it, rendered in such lifelike style that one would have said Christ was speaking and Paul answering, 'This, he said, 'was in his time the greatest enemy that the Church of God our Lord had, and the greatest champion it will ever have a knighterrant in life, a steadfast saint in death, an untiring labourer in the Lord's vineyard, a teacher of the Gentiles, whose school was heaven, and whose instructor and master was Jesus Christ himself.
There were no more images, so Don Quixote bade them cover them up again, and said to those who had brought them, 'I take it as a happy omen, brothers, to have seen what I have for these saints and knights were of the same profession as myself, which is the calling of arms only there is this difference between them and me, that they were saints, and fought with divine weapons, and I am a sinner and fight with human ones.
They won heaven by force of arms, for heaven suffereth violence and I, so far, know not what I have won by dint of my sufferings but if my Dulcinea del Toboso were to be released from hers, perhaps with mended fortunes and a mind restored to itself I might direct my steps in a better path than I am following at present.
'May God hear and sin be deaf, said Sancho to this. The men were filled with wonder, as well at the figure as at the words of Don Quixote, though they did not understand one half of what he meant by them. They finished their dinner, took their images on their backs, and bidding farewell to Don Quixote resumed their journey.
'Thou sayest well, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'but remember all times are not alike nor do they always run the same way and these things the vulgar commonly call omens, which are not based upon any natural reason, will by him who is wise be esteemed and reckoned happy accidents merely.
One of these believers in omens will get up of a morning, leave his house, and meet a friar of the order of the blessed Saint Francis, and, as if he had met a griffin, he will turn about and go home. With another Mendoza the salt is spilt on his table, and gloom is spilt over his heart, as if nature was obliged to give warning of coming misfortunes by means of such trivial things as these.
Scipio on coming to Africa stumbled as he leaped on shore his soldiers took it as a bad omen but he, clasping the soil with his arms, exclaimed, 'Thou canst not escape me, Africa, for I hold thee tight between my arms.' Thus, Sancho, meeting those images has been to me a most happy occurrence.
'I can well believe it, said Sancho 'but I wish your worship would tell me what is the reason that the Spaniards, when they are about to give battle, in calling on that Saint James the Moorslayer, say 'Santiago and close Spain!' Is Spain, then, open, so that it is needful to close it or what is the meaning of this form?
'Thou art very simple, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'God, look you, gave that great knight of the Red Cross to Spain as her patron saint and protector, especially in those hard struggles the Spaniards had with the Moors and therefore they invoke and call upon him as their defender in all their battles and in these he has been many a time seen beating down, trampling under foot, destroying and slaughtering the Hagarene squadrons in the sight of all of which fact I could give thee many examples recorded in truthful Spanish histories.
Sancho changed the subject, and said to his master, 'I marvel, seor, at the boldness of Altisidora, the duchess's handmaid he whom they call Love must have cruelly pierced and wounded her they say he is a little blind urchin who, though bleareyed, or more properly speaking sightless, if he aims at a heart, be it ever so small, hits it and pierces it through and through with his arrows.
'Bear in mind, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'that love is influenced by no consideration, recognises no restraints of reason, and is of the same nature as death, that assails alike the lofty palaces of kings and the humble cabins of shepherds and when it takes entire possession of a heart, the first thing it does is to banish fear and shame from it and so without shame Altisidora declared her passion, which excited in my mind embarrassment rather than commiseration.
'Notable cruelty! exclaimed Sancho 'unheardof ingratitude! I can only say for myself that the very smallest loving word of hers would have subdued me and made a slave of me. The devil! What a heart of marble, what bowels of brass, what a soul of mortar! But I can't imagine what it is that this damsel saw in your worship that could have conquered and captivated her so.
For indeed and in truth many a time I stop to look at your worship from the sole of your foot to the topmost hair of your head, and I see more to frighten one than to make one fall in love moreover I have heard say that beauty is the first and main thing that excites love, and as your worship has none at all, I don't know what the poor creature fell in love with.
'Recollect, Sancho, replied Don Quixote, 'there are two sorts of beauty, one of the mind, the other of the body that of the mind displays and exhibits itself in intelligence, in modesty, in honourable conduct, in generosity, in good breeding and all these qualities are possible and may exist in an ugly man and when it is this sort of beauty and not that of the body that is the attraction, love is apt to spring up suddenly and violently.
I, Sancho, perceive clearly enough that I am not beautiful, but at the same time I know I am not hideous and it is enough for an honest man not to be a monster to be an object of love, if only he possesses the endowments of mind I have mentioned.
While engaged in this discourse they were making their way through a wood that lay beyond the road, when suddenly, without expecting anything of the kind, Don Quixote found himself caught in some nets of green cord stretched from one tree to another and unable to conceive what it could be, he said to Sancho, 'Sancho, it strikes me this affair of these nets will prove one of the strangest adventures imaginable.
Well then let me tell them that if these nets, instead of being green cord, were made of the hardest diamonds, or stronger than that wherewith the jealous god of blacksmiths enmeshed Venus and Mars, I would break them as easily as if they were made of rushes or cotton threads.
But just as he was about to press forward and break through all, suddenly from among some trees two shepherdesses of surpassing beauty presented themselves to his sightor at least damsels dressed like shepherdesses, save that their jerkins and sayas were of fine brocade that is to say, the sayas were rich farthingales of gold embroidered tabby.
Their hair, that in its golden brightness vied with the beams of the sun itself, fell loose upon their shoulders and was crowned with garlands twined with green laurel and red everlasting and their years to all appearance were not under fifteen nor above eighteen. Such was the spectacle that filled Sancho with amazement, fascinated Don Quixote, made the sun halt in his course to behold them, and held all four in a strange silence.
One of the shepherdesses, at length, was the first to speak and said to Don Quixote, 'Hold, sir knight, and do not break these nets for they are not spread here to do you any harm, but only for our amusement and as I know you will ask why they have been put up, and who we are, I will tell you in a few words.
In a village some two leagues from this, where there are many people of quality and rich gentlefolk, it was agreed upon by a number of friends and relations to come with their wives, sons and daughters, neighbours, friends and kinsmen, and make holiday in this spot, which is one of the pleasantest in the whole neighbourhood, setting up a new pastoral Arcadia among ourselves, we maidens dressing ourselves as shepherdesses and the youths as shepherds.
Yesterday was the first day of our coming here we have a few of what they say are called fieldtents pitched among the trees on the bank of an ample brook that fertilises all these meadows last night we spread these nets in the trees here to snare the silly little birds that startled by the noise we make may fly into them.
If you please to be our guest, seor, you will be welcomed heartily and courteously, for here just now neither care nor sorrow shall enter. She held her peace and said no more, and Don Quixote made answer, 'Of a truth, fairest lady, Actaeon when he unexpectedly beheld Diana bathing in the stream could not have been more fascinated and wonderstruck than I at the sight of your beauty.
'Ah! friend of my soul, instantly exclaimed the other shepherdess, 'what great good fortune has befallen us! Seest thou this gentleman we have before us? Well then let me tell thee he is the most valiant and the most devoted and the most courteous gentleman in all the world, unless a history of his achievements that has been printed and I have read is telling lies and deceiving us.
I will lay a wager that this good fellow who is with him is one Sancho Panza his squire, whose drolleries none can equal. 'That's true, said Sancho 'I am that same droll and squire you speak of, and this gentleman is my master Don Quixote of La Mancha, the same that's in the history and that they talk about.
'Oh, my friend, said the other, 'let us entreat him to stay for it will give our fathers and brothers infinite pleasure I too have heard just what thou hast told me of the valour of the one and the drolleries of the other and what is more, of him they say that he is the most constant and loyal lover that was ever heard of, and that his lady is one Dulcinea del Toboso, to whom all over Spain the palm of beauty is awarded.
'And justly awarded, said Don Quixote, 'unless, indeed, your unequalled beauty makes it a matter of doubt. But spare yourselves the trouble, ladies, of pressing me to stay, for the urgent calls of my profession do not allow me to take rest under any circumstances. At this instant there came up to the spot where the four stood a brother of one of the two shepherdesses, like them in shepherd costume, and as richly and gaily dressed as they were.
They told him that their companion was the valiant Don Quixote of La Mancha, and the other Sancho his squire, of whom he knew already from having read their history. The gay shepherd offered him his services and begged that he would accompany him to their tents, and Don Quixote had to give way and comply.
And now the game was started, and the nets were filled with a variety of birds that deceived by the colour fell into the danger they were flying from. Upwards of thirty persons, all gaily attired as shepherds and shepherdesses, assembled on the spot, and were at once informed who Don Quixote and his squire were, whereat they were not a little delighted, as they knew of him already through his history.
They repaired to the tents, where they found tables laid out, and choicely, plentifully, and neatly furnished. They treated Don Quixote as a person of distinction, giving him the place of honour, and all observed him, and were full of astonishment at the spectacle. At last the cloth being removed, Don Quixote with great composure lifted up his voice and said 'One of the greatest sins that men are guilty of issome will say pridebut I say ingratitude, going by the common saying that hell is full of ingrates.
This sin, so far as it has lain in my power, I have endeavoured to avoid ever since I have enjoyed the faculty of reason and if I am unable to requite good deeds that have been done me by other deeds, I substitute the desire to do so and if that be not enough I make them known publicly for he who declares and makes known the good deeds done to him would repay them by others if it were in his power, and for the most part those who receive are the inferiors of those who give.
On hearing this Sancho, who had been listening with great attention, cried out in a loud voice, 'Is it possible there is anyone in the world who will dare to say and swear that this master of mine is a madman? Say, gentlemen shepherds, is there a village priest, be he ever so wise or learned, who could say what my master has said or is there knighterrant, whatever renown he may have as a man of valour, that could offer what my master has offered now?
Don Quixote turned upon Sancho, and with a countenance glowing with anger said to him, 'Is it possible, Sancho, there is anyone in the whole world who will say thou art not a fool, with a lining to match, and I know not what trimmings of impertinence and roguery? Who asked thee to meddle in my affairs, or to inquire whether I am a wise man or a blockhead?
Hold thy peace answer me not a word saddle Rocinante if he be unsaddled and let us go to put my offer into execution for with the right that I have on my side thou mayest reckon as vanquished all who shall venture to question it and in a great rage, and showing his anger plainly, he rose from his seat, leaving the company lost in wonder, and making them feel doubtful whether they ought to regard him as a madman or a rational being.
In the end, though they sought to dissuade him from involving himself in such a challenge, assuring him they admitted his gratitude as fully established, and needed no fresh proofs to be convinced of his valiant spirit, as those related in the history of his exploits were sufficient, still Don Quixote persisted in his resolve and mounted on Rocinante, bracing his buckler on his arm and grasping his lance, he posted himself in the middle of a high road that was not far from the green meadow.
Don Quixote, then, having, as has been said, planted himself in the middle of the road, made the welkin ring with words to this effect 'Ho ye travellers and wayfarers, knights, squires, folk on foot or on horseback, who pass this way or shall pass in the course of the next two days!
Know that Don Quixote of La Mancha, knighterrant, is posted here to maintain by arms that the beauty and courtesy enshrined in the nymphs that dwell in these meadows and groves surpass all upon earth, putting aside the lady of my heart, Dulcinea del Toboso. Wherefore, let him who is of the opposite opinion come on, for here I await him.
Twice he repeated the same words, and twice they fell unheard by any adventurer but fate, that was guiding affairs for him from better to better, so ordered it that shortly afterwards there appeared on the road a crowd of men on horseback, many of them with lances in their hands, all riding in a compact body and in great haste.
No sooner had those who were with Don Quixote seen them than they turned about and withdrew to some distance from the road, for they knew that if they stayed some harm might come to them but Don Quixote with intrepid heart stood his ground, and Sancho Panza shielded himself with Rocinante's hindquarters.
The troop of lancers came up, and one of them who was in advance began shouting to Don Quixote, 'Get out of the way, you son of the devil, or these bulls will knock you to pieces! 'Rabble! returned Don Quixote, 'I care nothing for bulls, be they the fiercest Jarama breeds on its banks.
The herdsman had no time to reply, nor Don Quixote to get out of the way even if he wished and so the drove of fierce bulls and tame bullocks, together with the crowd of herdsmen and others who were taking them to be penned up in a village where they were to be run the next day, passed over Don Quixote and over Sancho, Rocinante and Dapple, hurling them all to the earth and rolling them over on the ground.
ye rascally rabble, a single knight awaits you, and he is not of the temper or opinion of those who say, 'For a flying enemy make a bridge of silver.' The retreating party in their haste, however, did not stop for that, or heed his menaces any more than last year's clouds.
Weariness brought Don Quixote to a halt, and more enraged than avenged he sat down on the road to wait until Sancho, Rocinante and Dapple came up. When they reached him master and man mounted once more, and without going back to bid farewell to the mock or imitation Arcadia, and more in humiliation than contentment, they continued their journey.
A clear limpid spring which they discovered in a cool grove relieved Don Quixote and Sancho of the dust and fatigue due to the unpolite behaviour of the bulls, and by the side of this, having turned Dapple and Rocinante loose without headstall or bridle, the forlorn pair, master and man, seated themselves.
Sancho had recourse to the larder of his alforjas and took out of them what he called the prog Don Quixote rinsed his mouth and bathed his face, by which cooling process his flagging energies were revived. Out of pure vexation he remained without eating, and out of pure politeness Sancho did not venture to touch a morsel of what was before him, but waited for his master to act as taster.
Seeing, however, that, absorbed in thought, he was forgetting to carry the bread to his mouth, he said never a word, and trampling every sort of good breeding under foot, began to stow away in his paunch the bread and cheese that came to his hand. 'Eat, Sancho my friend, said Don Quixote 'support life, which is of more consequence to thee than to me, and leave me to die under the pain of my thoughts and pressure of my misfortunes.
I was born, Sancho, to live dying, and thou to die eating and to prove the truth of what I say, look at me, printed in histories, famed in arms, courteous in behaviour, honoured by princes, courted by maidens and after all, when I looked forward to palms, triumphs, and crowns, won and earned by my valiant deeds, I have this morning seen myself trampled on, kicked, and crushed by the feet of unclean and filthy animals.
'So then, said Sancho, munching hard all the time, 'your worship does not agree with the proverb that says, 'Let Martha die, but let her die with a full belly.' I, at any rate, have no mind to kill myself so far from that, I mean to do as the cobbler does, who stretches the leather with his teeth until he makes it reach as far as he wants.
I'll stretch out my life by eating until it reaches the end heaven has fixed for it and let me tell you, seor, there's no greater folly than to think of dying of despair as your worship does take my advice, and after eating lie down and sleep a bit on this green grassmattress, and you will see that when you awake you'll feel something better.
'There is a good deal to be said on that point, said Sancho 'let us both go to sleep now, and after that, God has decreed what will happen. Let me tell your worship that for a man to whip himself in cold blood is a hard thing, especially if the stripes fall upon an illnourished and worsefed body.
Let my lady Dulcinea have patience, and when she is least expecting it, she will see me made a riddle of with whipping, and 'until death it's all life' I mean that I have still life in me, and the desire to make good what I have promised. Don Quixote thanked him, and ate a little, and Sancho a good deal, and then they both lay down to sleep, leaving those two inseparable friends and comrades, Rocinante and Dapple, to their own devices and to feed unrestrained upon the abundant grass with which the meadow was furnished.
They woke up rather late, mounted once more and resumed their journey, pushing on to reach an inn which was in sight, apparently a league off. I say an inn, because Don Quixote called it so, contrary to his usual practice of calling all inns castles. They reached it, and asked the landlord if they could put up there.
He said yes, with as much comfort and as good fare as they could find in Saragossa. They dismounted, and Sancho stowed away his larder in a room of which the landlord gave him the key. He took the beasts to the stable, fed them, and came back to see what orders Don Quixote, who was seated on a bench at the door, had for him, giving special thanks to heaven that this inn had not been taken for a castle by his master.
Suppertime came, and they repaired to their room, and Sancho asked the landlord what he had to give them for supper. To this the landlord replied that his mouth should be the measure he had only to ask what he would for that inn was provided with the birds of the air and the fowls of the earth and the fish of the sea.
'There's no need of all that, said Sancho 'if they'll roast us a couple of chickens we'll be satisfied, for my master is delicate and eats little, and I'm not over and above gluttonous. The landlord replied he had no chickens, for the kites had stolen them. 'Well then, said Sancho, 'let seor landlord tell them to roast a pullet, so that it is a tender one.
'Pullet! My father! said the landlord 'indeed and in truth it's only yesterday I sent over fifty to the city to sell but saving pullets ask what you will. 'In that case, said Sancho, 'you will not be without veal or kid. 'Just now, said the landlord, 'there's none in the house, for it's all finished but next week there will be enough and to spare.
'Much good that does us, said Sancho 'I'll lay a bet that all these shortcomings are going to wind up in plenty of bacon and eggs. 'By God, said the landlord, 'my guest's wits must be precious dull I tell him I have neither pullets nor hens, and he wants me to have eggs!
Talk of other dainties, if you please, and don't ask for hens again. 'Body o' me! said Sancho, 'let's settle the matter say at once what you have got, and let us have no more words about it. 'In truth and earnest, seor guest, said the landlord, 'all I have is a couple of cowheels like calves' feet, or a couple of calves' feet like cowheels they are boiled with chickpeas, onions, and bacon, and at this moment they are crying 'Come eat me, come eat me.
'I mark them for mine on the spot, said Sancho 'let nobody touch them I'll pay better for them than anyone else, for I could not wish for anything more to my taste and I don't care a pin whether they are feet or heels. 'Nobody shall touch them, said the landlord 'for the other guests I have, being persons of high quality, bring their own cook and caterer and larder with them.
'If you come to people of quality, said Sancho, 'there's nobody more so than my master but the calling he follows does not allow of larders or storerooms we lay ourselves down in the middle of a meadow, and fill ourselves with acorns or medlars. Here ended Sancho's conversation with the landlord, Sancho not caring to carry it any farther by answering him for he had already asked him what calling or what profession it was his master was of.
'For all that, said he who was addressed as Don Juan, 'we shall do well to read it, for there is no book so bad but it has something good in it. What displeases me most in it is that it represents Don Quixote as now cured of his love for Dulcinea del Toboso.
On hearing this Don Quixote, full of wrath and indignation, lifted up his voice and said, 'Whoever he may be who says that Don Quixote of La Mancha has forgotten or can forget Dulcinea del Toboso, I will teach him with equal arms that what he says is very far from the truth for neither can the peerless Dulcinea del Toboso be forgotten, nor can forgetfulness have a place in Don Quixote his motto is constancy, and his profession to maintain the same with his life and never wrong it.
'A nice sort of historian, indeed! exclaimed Sancho at this 'he must know a deal about our affairs when he calls my wife Teresa Panza, Mari Gutierrez take the book again, seor, and see if I am in it and if he has changed my name. 'From your talk, friend, said Don Jeronimo, 'no doubt you are Sancho Panza, Seor Don Quixote's squire.
'Faith, then, said the gentleman, 'this new author does not handle you with the decency that displays itself in your person he makes you out a heavy feeder and a fool, and not in the least droll, and a very different being from the Sancho described in the First Part of your master's history.
'God forgive him, said Sancho 'he might have left me in my corner without troubling his head about me 'let him who knows how ring the bells 'Saint Peter is very well in Rome.' The two gentlemen pressed Don Quixote to come into their room and have supper with them, as they knew very well there was nothing in that inn fit for one of his sort.
Don Quixote, who was always polite, yielded to their request and supped with them. Sancho stayed behind with the stew. and invested with plenary delegated authority seated himself at the head of the table, and the landlord sat down with him, for he was no less fond of cowheel and calves' feet than Sancho was.
While at supper Don Juan asked Don Quixote what news he had of the lady Dulcinea del Toboso, was she married, had she been brought to bed, or was she with child, or did she in maidenhood, still preserving her modesty and delicacy, cherish the remembrance of the tender passion of Seor Don Quixote?
To this he replied, 'Dulcinea is a maiden still, and my passion more firmly rooted than ever, our intercourse unsatisfactory as before, and her beauty transformed into that of a foul country wench and then he proceeded to give them a full and particular account of the enchantment of Dulcinea, and of what had happened him in the cave of Montesinos, together with what the sage Merlin had prescribed for her disenchantment, namely the scourging of Sancho.
Exceedingly great was the amusement the two gentlemen derived from hearing Don Quixote recount the strange incidents of his history and if they were amazed by his absurdities they were equally amazed by the elegant style in which he delivered them. On the one hand they regarded him as a man of wit and sense, and on the other he seemed to them a maundering blockhead, and they could not make up their minds whereabouts between wisdom and folly they ought to place him.
Sancho having finished his supper, and left the landlord in the X condition, repaired to the room where his master was, and as he came in said, 'May I die, sirs, if the author of this book your worships have got has any mind that we should agree as he calls me glutton (according to what your worships say) I wish he may not call me drunkard too.
'But he does, said Don Jeronimo 'I cannot remember, however, in what way, though I know his words are offensive, and what is more, lying, as I can see plainly by the physiognomy of the worthy Sancho before me. 'Believe me, said Sancho, 'the Sancho and the Don Quixote of this history must be different persons from those that appear in the one Cide Hamete Benengeli wrote, who are ourselves my master valiant, wise, and true in love, and I simple, droll, and neither glutton nor drunkard.
'I believe it, said Don Juan 'and were it possible, an order should be issued that no one should have the presumption to deal with anything relating to Don Quixote, save his original author Cide Hamete just as Alexander commanded that no one should presume to paint his portrait save Apelles.
'Let him who will paint me, said Don Quixote 'but let him not abuse me for patience will often break down when they heap insults upon it. 'None can be offered to Seor Don Quixote, said Don Juan, 'that he himself will not be able to avenge, if he does not ward it off with the shield of his patience, which, I take it, is great and strong.
They asked him whither he meant to direct his steps. He replied, to Saragossa, to take part in the harness jousts which were held in that city every year. Don Juan told him that the new history described how Don Quixote, let him be who he might, took part there in a tilting at the ring, utterly devoid of invention, poor in mottoes, very poor in costume, though rich in sillinesses.
'For that very reason, said Don Quixote, 'I will not set foot in Saragossa and by that means I shall expose to the world the lie of this new history writer, and people will see that I am not the Don Quixote he speaks of. 'You will do quite right, said Don Jeronimo 'and there are other jousts at Barcelona in which Seor Don Quixote may display his prowess.
'That is what I mean to do, said Don Quixote 'and as it is now time, I pray your worships to give me leave to retire to bed, and to place and retain me among the number of your greatest friends and servants. 'And me too, said Sancho 'maybe I'll be good for something.
With this they exchanged farewells, and Don Quixote and Sancho retired to their room, leaving Don Juan and Don Jeronimo amazed to see the medley he made of his good sense and his craziness and they felt thoroughly convinced that these, and not those their Aragonese author described, were the genuine Don Quixote and Sancho.
It was a fresh morning giving promise of a cool day as Don Quixote quitted the inn, first of all taking care to ascertain the most direct road to Barcelona without touching upon Saragossa so anxious was he to make out this new historian, who they said abused him so, to be a liar.
Well, as it fell out, nothing worthy of being recorded happened him for six days, at the end of which, having turned aside out of the road, he was overtaken by night in a thicket of oak or cork trees for on this point Cide Hamete is not as precise as he usually is on other matters.
Master and man dismounted from their beasts, and as soon as they had settled themselves at the foot of the trees, Sancho, who had had a good noontide meal that day, let himself, without more ado, pass the gates of sleep. But Don Quixote, whom his thoughts, far more than hunger, kept awake, could not close an eye, and roamed in fancy to and fro through all sorts of places.
At one moment it seemed to him that he was in the cave of Montesinos and saw Dulcinea, transformed into a country wench, skipping and mounting upon her sheass again that the words of the sage Merlin were sounding in his ears, setting forth the conditions to be observed and the exertions to be made for the disenchantment of Dulcinea.
With this idea he went over to Sancho, having first taken Rocinante's reins and arranged them so as to be able to flog him with them, and began to untie the points (the common belief is he had but one in front) by which his breeches were held up but the instant he approached him Sancho woke up in his full senses and cried out, 'What is this?
Who is touching me and untrussing me? 'It is I, said Don Quixote, 'and I come to make good thy shortcomings and relieve my own distresses I come to whip thee, Sancho, and wipe off some portion of the debt thou hast undertaken. Dulcinea is perishing, thou art living on regardless, I am dying of hope deferred therefore untruss thyself with a good will, for mine it is, here, in this retired spot, to give thee at least two thousand lashes.
'Not a bit of it, said Sancho 'let your worship keep quiet, or else by the living God the deaf shall hear us the lashes I pledged myself to must be voluntary and not forced upon me, and just now I have no fancy to whip myself it is enough if I give you my word to flog and flap myself when I have a mind.
Seeing this Sancho got up, and grappling with his master he gripped him with all his might in his arms, giving him a trip with the heel stretched him on the ground on his back, and pressing his right knee on his chest held his hands in his own so that he could neither move nor breathe.
'I neither put down king, nor set up king, said Sancho 'I only stand up for myself who am my own lord if your worship promises me to be quiet, and not to offer to whip me now, I'll let you go free and unhindered if not Traitor and Doa Sancha's foe, Thou diest on the spot.
Don Quixote gave his promise, and swore by the life of his thoughts not to touch so much as a hair of his garments, and to leave him entirely free and to his own discretion to whip himself whenever he pleased. Sancho rose and removed some distance from the spot, but as he was about to place himself leaning against another tree he felt something touch his head, and putting up his hands encountered somebody's two feet with shoes and stockings on them.
He trembled with fear and made for another tree, where the very same thing happened to him, and he fell ashouting, calling upon Don Quixote to come and protect him. Don Quixote did so, and asked him what had happened to him, and what he was afraid of. Sancho replied that all the trees were full of men's feet and legs.
And now day dawned and if the dead freebooters had scared them, their hearts were no less troubled by upwards of forty living ones, who all of a sudden surrounded them, and in the Catalan tongue bade them stand and wait until their captain came up. Don Quixote was on foot with his horse unbridled and his lance leaning against a tree, and in short completely defenceless he thought it best therefore to fold his arms and bow his head and reserve himself for a more favourable occasion and opportunity.
He was mounted upon a powerful horse, and had on a coat of mail, with four of the pistols they call petronels in that country at his waist. He saw that his squires (for so they call those who follow that trade) were about to rifle Sancho Panza, but he ordered them to desist and was at once obeyed, so the girdle escaped.
He wondered to see the lance leaning against the tree, the shield on the ground, and Don Quixote in armour and dejected, with the saddest and most melancholy face that sadness itself could produce and going up to him he said, 'Be not so cast down, good man, for you have not fallen into the hands of any inhuman Busiris, but into Roque Guinart's, which are more merciful than cruel.
Don Quixote was about to thank him, when they heard behind them a noise as of a troop of horses there was, however, but one, riding on which at a furious pace came a youth, apparently about twenty years of age, clad in green damask edged with gold and breeches and a loose frock, with a hat looped up in the Walloon fashion, tightfitting polished boots, gilt spurs, dagger and sword, and in his hand a musketoon, and a pair of pistols at his waist.
Roque turned round at the noise and perceived this comely figure, which drawing near thus addressed him, 'I came in quest of thee, valiant Roque, to find in thee if not a remedy at least relief in my misfortune and not to keep thee in suspense, for I see thou dost not recognise me, I will tell thee who I am I am Claudia Jeronima, the daughter of Simon Forte, thy good friend, and special enemy of Clauquel Torrellas, who is thine also as being of the faction opposed to thee.
Thou knowest that this Torrellas has a son who is called, or at least was not two hours since, Don Vicente Torrellas. Well, to cut short the tale of my misfortune, I will tell thee in a few words what this youth has brought upon me. He saw me, he paid court to me, I listened to him, and, unknown to my father, I loved him for there is no woman, however secluded she may live or close she may be kept, who will not have opportunities and to spare for following her headlong impulses.
I left him there in the hands of his servants, who did not dare and were not able to interfere in his defence, and I come to seek from thee a safeconduct into France, where I have relatives with whom I can live and also to implore thee to protect my father, so that Don Vicente's numerous kinsmen may not venture to wreak their lawless vengeance upon him.
Roque, filled with admiration at the gallant bearing, high spirit, comely figure, and adventure of the fair Claudia, said to her, 'Come, seora, let us go and see if thy enemy is dead and then we will consider what will be best for thee. Don Quixote, who had been listening to what Claudia said and Roque Guinart said in reply to her, exclaimed, 'Nobody need trouble himself with the defence of this lady, for I take it upon myself.
'Nobody need have any doubt about that, said Sancho, 'for my master has a very happy knack of matchmaking it's not many days since he forced another man to marry, who in the same way backed out of his promise to another maiden and if it had not been for his persecutors the enchanters changing the man's proper shape into a lacquey's the said maiden would not be one this minute.
Roque, who was paying more attention to the fair Claudia's adventure than to the words of master or man, did not hear them and ordering his squires to restore to Sancho everything they had stripped Dapple of, he directed them to return to the place where they had been quartered during the night, and then set off with Claudia at full speed in search of the wounded or slain Don Vicente.
They reached the spot where Claudia met him, but found nothing there save freshly spilt blood looking all round, however, they descried some people on the slope of a hill above them, and concluded, as indeed it proved to be, that it was Don Vicente, whom either dead or alive his servants were removing to attend to his wounds or to bury him.
They made haste to overtake them, which, as the party moved slowly, they were able to do with ease. They found Don Vicente in the arms of his servants, whom he was entreating in a broken feeble voice to leave him there to die, as the pain of his wounds would not suffer him to go any farther.
Claudia and Roque threw themselves off their horses and advanced towards him the servants were overawed by the appearance of Roque, and Claudia was moved by the sight of Don Vicente, and going up to him half tenderly half sternly, she seized his hand and said to him, 'Hadst thou given me this according to our compact thou hadst never come to this pass.
The wounded gentleman opened his all but closed eyes, and recognising Claudia said, 'I see clearly, fair and mistaken lady, that it is thou that hast slain me, a punishment not merited or deserved by my feelings towards thee, for never did I mean to, nor could I, wrong thee in thought or deed.
'Assuredly not, replied Don Vicente 'my cruel fortune must have carried those tidings to thee to drive thee in thy jealousy to take my life and to assure thyself of this, press my hands and take me for thy husband if thou wilt I have no better satisfaction to offer thee for the wrong thou fanciest thou hast received from me.
Claudia wrung his hands, and her own heart was so wrung that she lay fainting on the bleeding breast of Don Vicente, whom a death spasm seized the same instant. Roque was in perplexity and knew not what to do the servants ran to fetch water to sprinkle their faces, and brought some and bathed them with it.
On perceiving this, Claudia, when she had convinced herself that her beloved husband was no more, rent the air with her sighs and made the heavens ring with her lamentations she tore her hair and scattered it to the winds, she beat her face with her hands and showed all the signs of grief and sorrow that could be conceived to come from an afflicted heart.
'Cruel, reckless woman! she cried, 'how easily wert thou moved to carry out a thought so wicked! O furious force of jealousy, to what desperate lengths dost thou lead those that give thee lodging in their bosoms! O husband, whose unhappy fate in being mine hath borne thee from the marriage bed to the grave!
So vehement and so piteous were the lamentations of Claudia that they drew tears from Roque's eyes, unused as they were to shed them on any occasion. The servants wept, Claudia swooned away again and again, and the whole place seemed a field of sorrow and an abode of misfortune.
In the end Roque Guinart directed Don Vicente's servants to carry his body to his father's village, which was close by, for burial. Claudia told him she meant to go to a monastery of which an aunt of hers was abbess, where she intended to pass her life with a better and everlasting spouse.
He applauded her pious resolution, and offered to accompany her whithersoever she wished, and to protect her father against the kinsmen of Don Vicente and all the world, should they seek to injure him. Claudia would not on any account allow him to accompany her and thanking him for his offers as well as she could, took leave of him in tears.
Roque Guinart found his squires at the place to which he had ordered them, and Don Quixote on Rocinante in the midst of them delivering a harangue to them in which he urged them to give up a mode of life so full of peril, as well to the soul as to the body but as most of them were Gascons, rough lawless fellows, his speech did not make much impression on them.
Roque on coming up asked Sancho if his men had returned and restored to him the treasures and jewels they had stripped off Dapple. Sancho said they had, but that three kerchiefs that were worth three cities were missing. 'What are you talking about, man? said one of the bystanders 'I have got them, and they are not worth three reals.
Roque Guinart ordered them to be restored at once and making his men fall in in line he directed all the clothing, jewellery, and money that they had taken since the last distribution to be produced and making a hasty valuation, and reducing what could not be divided into money, he made shares for the whole band so equitably and carefully, that in no case did he exceed or fall short of strict distributive justice.
When this had been done, and all left satisfied, Roque observed to Don Quixote, 'If this scrupulous exactness were not observed with these fellows there would be no living with them. Upon this Sancho remarked, 'From what I have seen here, justice is such a good thing that there is no doing without it, even among the thieves themselves.
One of the squires heard this, and raising the buttend of his harquebuss would no doubt have broken Sancho's head with it had not Roque Guinart called out to him to hold his hand. Sancho was frightened out of his wits, and vowed not to open his lips so long as he was in the company of these people.
At this instant one or two of those squires who were posted as sentinels on the roads, to watch who came along them and report what passed to their chief, came up and said, 'Seor, there is a great troop of people not far off coming along the road to Barcelona.
To which Roque replied, 'Hast thou made out whether they are of the sort that are after us, or of the sort we are after? 'The sort we are after, said the squire. 'Well then, away with you all, said Roque, 'and bring them here to me at once without letting one of them escape.
They obeyed, and Don Quixote, Sancho, and Roque, left by themselves, waited to see what the squires brought, and while they were waiting Roque said to Don Quixote, 'It must seem a strange sort of life to Seor Don Quixote, this of ours, strange adventures, strange incidents, and all full of danger and I do not wonder that it should seem so, for in truth I must own there is no mode of life more restless or anxious than ours.
And if you have any desire to shorten the journey and put yourself easily in the way of salvation, come with me, and I will show you how to become a knighterrant, a calling wherein so many hardships and mishaps are encountered that if they be taken as penances they will lodge you in heaven in a trice.
And now the squires despatched to make the prize came up, bringing with them two gentlemen on horseback, two pilgrims on foot, and a coach full of women with some six servants on foot and on horseback in attendance on them, and a couple of muleteers whom the gentlemen had with them.
He asked the gentlemen who they were, whither they were going, and what money they carried with them 'Seor, replied one of them, 'we are two captains of Spanish infantry our companies are at Naples, and we are on our way to embark in four galleys which they say are at Barcelona under orders for Sicily and we have about two or three hundred crowns, with which we are, according to our notions, rich and contented, for a soldier's poverty does not allow a more extensive hoard.
He asked also who was in the coach, whither they were bound and what money they had, and one of the men on horseback replied, 'The persons in the coach are my lady Doa Guiomar de Quiones, wife of the regent of the Vicaria at Naples, her little daughter, a handmaid and a duenna we six servants are in attendance upon her, and the money amounts to six hundred crowns.
'So then, said Roque Guinart, 'we have got here nine hundred crowns and sixty reals my soldiers must number some sixty see how much there falls to each, for I am a bad arithmetician. As soon as the robbers heard this they raised a shout of 'Long life to Roque Guinart, in spite of the lladres that seek his ruin!
Seora Doa Guiomar de Quiones wanted to throw herself out of the coach to kiss the feet and hands of the great Roque, but he would not suffer it on any account so far from that, he begged her pardon for the wrong he had done her under pressure of the inexorable necessities of his unfortunate calling.
One of the squires observed in his mixture of Gascon and Catalan, 'This captain of ours would make a better friar than highwayman if he wants to be so generous another time, let it be with his own property and not ours. The unlucky wight did not speak so low but that Roque overheard him, and drawing his sword almost split his head in two, saying, 'That is the way I punish impudent saucy fellows.
He wished, he said, his enemies the Cadells could be deprived of this pleasure but that was impossible, because the crazes and shrewd sayings of Don Quixote and the humours of his squire Sancho Panza could not help giving general pleasure to all the world. He despatched the letter by one of his squires, who, exchanging the costume of a highwayman for that of a peasant, made his way into Barcelona and gave it to the person to whom it was directed.
Don Quixote passed three days and three nights with Roque, and had he passed three hundred years he would have found enough to observe and wonder at in his mode of life. At daybreak they were in one spot, at dinnertime in another sometimes they fled without knowing from whom, at other times they lay in wait, not knowing for what.
Roque passed his nights in some place or other apart from his men, that they might not know where he was, for the many proclamations the viceroy of Barcelona had issued against his life kept him in fear and uneasiness, and he did not venture to trust anyone, afraid that even his own men would kill him or deliver him up to the authorities of a truth, a weary miserable life!
At length, by unfrequented roads, short cuts, and secret paths, Roque, Don Quixote, and Sancho, together with six squires, set out for Barcelona. They reached the strand on Saint John's Eve during the night and Roque, after embracing Don Quixote and Sancho (to whom he presented the ten crowns he had promised but had not until then given), left them with many expressions of goodwill on both sides.
Roque went back, while Don Quixote remained on horseback, just as he was, waiting for day, and it was not long before the countenance of the fair Aurora began to show itself at the balconies of the east, gladdening the grass and flowers, if not the ear, though to gladden that too there came at the same moment a sound of clarions and drums, and a din of bells, and a tramp, tramp, and cries of 'Clear the way there!
The dawn made way for the sun that with a face broader than a buckler began to rise slowly above the low line of the horizon Don Quixote and Sancho gazed all round them they beheld the sea, a sight until then unseen by them it struck them as exceedingly spacious and broad, much more so than the lakes of Ruidera which they had seen in La Mancha.
They saw the galleys along the beach, which, lowering their awnings, displayed themselves decked with streamers and pennons that trembled in the breeze and kissed and swept the water, while on board the bugles, trumpets, and clarions were sounding and filling the air far and near with melodious warlike notes.
Then they began to move and execute a kind of skirmish upon the calm water, while a vast number of horsemen on fine horses and in showy liveries, issuing from the city, engaged on their side in a somewhat similar movement. The soldiers on board the galleys kept up a ceaseless fire, which they on the walls and forts of the city returned, and the heavy cannon rent the air with the tremendous noise they made, to which the gangway guns of the galleys replied.
And now the horsemen in livery came galloping up with shouts and outlandish cries and cheers to where Don Quixote stood amazed and wondering and one of them, he to whom Roque had sent word, addressing him exclaimed, 'Welcome to our city, mirror, beacon, star and cynosure of all knighterrantry in its widest extent!
Don Quixote made no answer, nor did the horsemen wait for one, but wheeling again with all their followers, they began curvetting round Don Quixote, who, turning to Sancho, said, 'These gentlemen have plainly recognised us I will wager they have read our history, and even that newly printed one by the Aragonese.
The cavalier who had addressed Don Quixote again approached him and said, 'Come with us, Seor Don Quixote, for we are all of us your servants and great friends of Roque Guinart's to which Don Quixote returned, 'If courtesy breeds courtesy, yours, sir knight, is daughter or very nearly akin to the great Roque's carry me where you please I will have no will but yours, especially if you deign to employ it in your service.
As they were entering it, the wicked one, who is the author of all mischief, and the boys who are wickeder than the wicked one, contrived that a couple of these audacious irrepressible urchins should force their way through the crowd, and lifting up, one of them Dapple's tail and the other Rocinante's, insert a bunch of furze under each.
The poor beasts felt the strange spurs and added to their anguish by pressing their tails tight, so much so that, cutting a multitude of capers, they flung their masters to the ground. Don Quixote, covered with shame and out of countenance, ran to pluck the plume from his poor jade's tail, while Sancho did the same for Dapple.
His conductors tried to punish the audacity of the boys, but there was no possibility of doing so, for they hid themselves among the hundreds of others that were following them. Don Quixote and Sancho mounted once more, and with the same music and acclamations reached their conductor's house, which was large and stately, that of a rich gentleman, in short and there for the present we will leave them, for such is Cide Hamete's pleasure.
Don Quixote's host was one Don Antonio Moreno by name, a gentleman of wealth and intelligence, and very fond of diverting himself in any fair and goodnatured way and having Don Quixote in his house he set about devising modes of making him exhibit his mad points in some harmless fashion for jests that give pain are no jests, and no sport is worth anything if it hurts another.
The first thing he did was to make Don Quixote take off his armour, and lead him, in that tight chamois suit we have already described and depicted more than once, out on a balcony overhanging one of the chief streets of the city, in full view of the crowd and of the boys, who gazed at him as they would at a monkey.
The cavaliers in livery careered before him again as though it were for him alone, and not to enliven the festival of the day, that they wore it, and Sancho was in high delight, for it seemed to him that, how he knew not, he had fallen upon another Camacho's wedding, another house like Don Diego de Miranda's, another castle like the duke's.
Some of Don Antonio's friends dined with him that day, and all showed honour to Don Quixote and treated him as a knighterrant, and he becoming puffed up and exalted in consequence could not contain himself for satisfaction. Such were the drolleries of Sancho that all the servants of the house, and all who heard him, were kept hanging upon his lips.
While at table Don Antonio said to him, 'We hear, worthy Sancho, that you are so fond of manjar blanco and forcedmeat balls, that if you have any left, you keep them in your bosom for the next day. 'No, seor, that's not true, said Sancho, 'for I am more cleanly than greedy, and my master Don Quixote here knows well that we two are used to live for a week on a handful of acorns or nuts.
To be sure, if it so happens that they offer me a heifer, I run with a halter I mean, I eat what I'm given, and make use of opportunities as I find them but whoever says that I'm an outoftheway eater or not cleanly, let me tell him that he is wrong and I'd put it in a different way if I did not respect the honourable beards that are at the table.
It is true that when he is hungry there is a certain appearance of voracity about him, for he eats at a great pace and chews with both jaws but cleanliness he is always mindful of and when he was governor he learned how to eat daintily, so much so that he eats grapes, and even pomegranate pips, with a fork.
I governed it to perfection for ten days and lost my rest all the time and learned to look down upon all the governments in the world I got out of it by taking to flight, and fell into a pit where I gave myself up for dead, and out of which I escaped alive by a miracle.
On the cloth being removed Don Antonio, taking Don Quixote by the hand, passed with him into a distant room in which there was nothing in the way of furniture except a table, apparently of jasper, resting on a pedestal of the same, upon which was set up, after the fashion of the busts of the Roman emperors, a head which seemed to be of bronze.
Don Antonio traversed the whole apartment with Don Quixote and walked round the table several times, and then said, 'Now, Seor Don Quixote, that I am satisfied that no one is listening to us, and that the door is shut, I will tell you of one of the rarest adventures, or more properly speaking strange things, that can be imagined, on condition that you will keep what I say to you in the remotest recesses of secrecy.
'I swear it, said Don Quixote, 'and for greater security I will put a flagstone over it for I would have you know, Seor Don Antonio (he had by this time learned his name), 'that you are addressing one who, though he has ears to hear, has no tongue to speak so that you may safely transfer whatever you have in your bosom into mine, and rely upon it that you have consigned it to the depths of silence.
'In reliance upon that promise, said Don Antonio, 'I will astonish you with what you shall see and hear, and relieve myself of some of the vexation it gives me to have no one to whom I can confide my secrets, for they are not of a sort to be entrusted to everybody.
Don Quixote was puzzled, wondering what could be the object of such precautions whereupon Don Antonio taking his hand passed it over the bronze head and the whole table and the pedestal of jasper on which it stood, and then said, 'This head, Seor Don Quixote, has been made and fabricated by one of the greatest magicians and wizards the world ever saw, a Pole, I believe, by birth, and a pupil of the famous Escotillo of whom such marvellous stories are told.
He was here in my house, and for a consideration of a thousand crowns that I gave him he constructed this head, which has the property and virtue of answering whatever questions are put to its ear. He observed the points of the compass, he traced figures, he studied the stars, he watched favourable moments, and at length brought it to the perfection we shall see tomorrow, for on Fridays it is mute, and this being Friday we must wait till the next day.
Don Quixote was amazed at the virtue and property of the head, and was inclined to disbelieve Don Antonio but seeing what a short time he had to wait to test the matter, he did not choose to say anything except that he thanked him for having revealed to him so mighty a secret.
They then quitted the room, Don Antonio locked the door, and they repaired to the chamber where the rest of the gentlemen were assembled. In the meantime Sancho had recounted to them several of the adventures and accidents that had happened his master. That afternoon they took Don Quixote out for a stroll, not in his armour but in street costume, with a surcoat of tawny cloth upon him, that at that season would have made ice itself sweat.
Orders were left with the servants to entertain Sancho so as not to let him leave the house. Don Quixote was mounted, not on Rocinante, but upon a tall mule of easy pace and handsomely caparisoned. They put the surcoat on him, and on the back, without his perceiving it, they stitched a parchment on which they wrote in large letters, 'This is Don Quixote of La Mancha.
'True, Seor Don Quixote, returned Don Antonio 'for as fire cannot be hidden or kept secret, virtue cannot escape being recognised and that which is attained by the profession of arms shines distinguished above all others. It came to pass, however, that as Don Quixote was proceeding amid the acclamations that have been described, a Castilian, reading the inscription on his back, cried out in a loud voice, 'The devil take thee for a Don Quixote of La Mancha!
What! art thou here, and not dead of the countless drubbings that have fallen on thy ribs? Thou art mad and if thou wert so by thyself, and kept thyself within thy madness, it would not be so bad but thou hast the gift of making fools and blockheads of all who have anything to do with thee or say to thee.
Why, look at these gentlemen bearing thee company! Get thee home, blockhead, and see after thy affairs, and thy wife and children, and give over these fooleries that are sapping thy brains and skimming away thy wits. 'Go your own way, brother, said Don Antonio, 'and don't offer advice to those who don't ask you for it.
'By God, your worship is right, replied the Castilian 'for to advise this good man is to kick against the pricks still for all that it fills me with pity that the sound wit they say the blockhead has in everything should dribble away by the channel of his knighterrantry but may the bad luck your worship talks of follow me and all my descendants, if, from this day forth, though I should live longer than Methuselah, I ever give advice to anybody even if he asks me for it.
The advicegiver took himself off, and they continued their stroll but so great was the press of the boys and people to read the placard, that Don Antonio was forced to remove it as if he were taking off something else. Night came and they went home, and there was a ladies' dancing party, for Don Antonio's wife, a lady of rank and gaiety, beauty and wit, had invited some friends of hers to come and do honour to her guest and amuse themselves with his strange delusions.
Several of them came, they supped sumptuously, the dance began at about ten o'clock. Among the ladies were two of a mischievous and frolicsome turn, and, though perfectly modest, somewhat free in playing tricks for harmless diversion's sake. These two were so indefatigable in taking Don Quixote out to dance that they tired him down, not only in body but in spirit.
It was a sight to see the figure Don Quixote made, long, lank, lean, and yellow, his garments clinging tight to him, ungainly, and above all anything but agile. The gay ladies made secret love to him, and he on his part secretly repelled them, but finding himself hard pressed by their blandishments he lifted up his voice and exclaimed, 'Fugite, partes advers!
Leave me in peace, unwelcome overtures avaunt, with your desires, ladies, for she who is queen of mine, the peerless Dulcinea del Toboso, suffers none but hers to lead me captive and subdue me and so saying he sat down on the floor in the middle of the room, tired out and broken down by all this exertion in the dance.
Don Antonio directed him to be taken up bodily and carried to bed, and the first that laid hold of him was Sancho, saying as he did so, 'In an evil hour you took to dancing, master mine do you fancy all mighty men of valour are dancers, and all knightserrant given to capering?
If you do, I can tell you you are mistaken there's many a man would rather undertake to kill a giant than cut a caper. If it had been the shoefling you were at I could take your place, for I can do the shoefling like a gerfalcon but I'm no good at dancing.
The next day Don Antonio thought he might as well make trial of the enchanted head, and with Don Quixote, Sancho, and two others, friends of his, besides the two ladies that had tired out Don Quixote at the ball, who had remained for the night with Don Antonio's wife, he locked himself up in the chamber where the head was.
He explained to them the property it possessed and entrusted the secret to them, telling them that now for the first time he was going to try the virtue of the enchanted head but except Don Antonio's two friends no one else was privy to the mystery of the enchantment, and if Don Antonio had not first revealed it to them they would have been inevitably reduced to the same state of amazement as the rest, so artfully and skilfully was it contrived.
The first to approach the ear of the head was Don Antonio himself, and in a low voice but not so low as not to be audible to all, he said to it, 'Head, tell me by the virtue that lies in thee what am I at this moment thinking of?
The head, without any movement of the lips, answered in a clear and distinct voice, so as to be heard by all, 'I cannot judge of thoughts. All were thunderstruck at this, and all the more so as they saw that there was nobody anywhere near the table or in the whole room that could have answered.
'How many of us are here? asked Don Antonio once more and it was answered him in the same way softly, 'Thou and thy wife, with two friends of thine and two of hers, and a famous knight called Don Quixote of La Mancha, and a squire of his, Sancho Panza by name.
Now there was fresh astonishment now everyone's hair was standing on end with awe and Don Antonio retiring from the head exclaimed, 'This suffices to show me that I have not been deceived by him who sold thee to me, O sage head, talking head, answering head, wonderful head! Let someone else go and put what question he likes to it.
And as women are commonly impulsive and inquisitive, the first to come forward was one of the two friends of Don Antonio's wife, and her question was, 'Tell me, Head, what shall I do to be very beautiful? and the answer she got was, 'Be very modest. 'I question thee no further, said the fair querist.
Her companion then came up and said, 'I should like to know, Head, whether my husband loves me or not the answer given to her was, 'Think how he uses thee, and thou mayest guess and the married lady went off saying, 'That answer did not need a question for of course the treatment one receives shows the disposition of him from whom it is received.
Then one of Don Antonio's two friends advanced and asked it, 'Who am I? 'Thou knowest, was the answer. 'That is not what I ask thee, said the gentleman, 'but to tell me if thou knowest me. 'Yes, I know thee, thou art Don Pedro Noriz, was the reply. 'I do not seek to know more, said the gentleman, 'for this is enough to convince me, O Head, that thou knowest everything and as he retired the other friend came forward and asked it, 'Tell me, Head, what are the wishes of my eldest son?
Don Antonio's wife came up and said, 'I know not what to ask thee, Head I would only seek to know of thee if I shall have many years of enjoyment of my good husband and the answer she received was, 'Thou shalt, for his vigour and his temperate habits promise many years of life, which by their intemperance others so often cut short.
Then Don Quixote came forward and said, 'Tell me, thou that answerest, was that which I describe as having happened to me in the cave of Montesinos the truth or a dream? Will Sancho's whipping be accomplished without fail? Will the disenchantment of Dulcinea be brought about? 'As to the question of the cave, was the reply, 'there is much to be said there is something of both in it.
Sancho's whipping will proceed leisurely. The disenchantment of Dulcinea will attain its due consummation. 'I seek to know no more, said Don Quixote 'let me but see Dulcinea disenchanted, and I will consider that all the good fortune I could wish for has come upon me all at once. The last questioner was Sancho, and his questions were, 'Head, shall I by any chance have another government?
Shall I ever escape from the hard life of a squire? Shall I get back to see my wife and children? To which the answer came, 'Thou shalt govern in thy house and if thou returnest to it thou shalt see thy wife and children and on ceasing to serve thou shalt cease to be a squire.
'Good, by God! said Sancho Panza 'I could have told myself that the prophet Perogrullo could have said no more. 'What answer wouldst thou have, beast? said Don Quixote 'is it not enough that the replies this head has given suit the questions put to it? 'Yes, it is enough, said Sancho 'but I should have liked it to have made itself plainer and told me more.
The questions and answers came to an end here, but not the wonder with which all were filled, except Don Antonio's two friends who were in the secret. This Cide Hamete Benengeli thought fit to reveal at once, not to keep the world in suspense, fancying that the head had some strange magical mystery in it.
He says, therefore, that on the model of another head, the work of an image maker, which he had seen at Madrid, Don Antonio made this one at home for his own amusement and to astonish ignorant people and its mechanism was as follows. The table was of wood painted and varnished to imitate jasper, and the pedestal on which it stood was of the same material, with four eagles' claws projecting from it to support the weight more steadily.
The head, which resembled a bust or figure of a Roman emperor, and was coloured like bronze, was hollow throughout, as was the table, into which it was fitted so exactly that no trace of the joining was visible. The pedestal of the table was also hollow and communicated with the throat and neck of the head, and the whole was in communication with another room underneath the chamber in which the head stood.
In the room below corresponding to the one above was placed the person who was to answer, with his mouth to the tube, and the voice, as in an eartrumpet, passed from above downwards, and from below upwards, the words coming clearly and distinctly it was impossible, thus, to detect the trick.
A nephew of Don Antonio's, a smart sharpwitted student, was the answerer, and as he had been told beforehand by his uncle who the persons were that would come with him that day into the chamber where the head was, it was an easy matter for him to answer the first question at once and correctly the others he answered by guesswork, and, being clever, cleverly.
Cide Hamete adds that this marvellous contrivance stood for some ten or twelve days but that, as it became noised abroad through the city that he had in his house an enchanted head that answered all who asked questions of it, Don Antonio, fearing it might come to the ears of the watchful sentinels of our faith, explained the matter to the inquisitors, who commanded him to break it up and have done with it, lest the ignorant vulgar should be scandalised.
The gentlemen of the city, to gratify Don Antonio and also to do the honours to Don Quixote, and give him an opportunity of displaying his folly, made arrangements for a tilting at the ring in six days from that time, which, however, for reason that will be mentioned hereafter, did not take place.
Thus it came to pass that going along one of the streets Don Quixote lifted up his eyes and saw written in very large letters over a door, 'Books printed here, at which he was vastly pleased, for until then he had never seen a printing office, and he was curious to know what it was like.
He entered with all his following, and saw them drawing sheets in one place, correcting in another, setting up type here, revising there in short all the work that is to be seen in great printing offices. He went up to one case and asked what they were about there the workmen told him, he watched them with wonder, and passed on.
He approached one man, among others, and asked him what he was doing. The workman replied, 'Seor, this gentleman here (pointing to a man of prepossessing appearance and a certain gravity of look) 'has translated an Italian book into our Spanish tongue, and I am setting it up in type for the press.
'What is the title of the book? asked Don Quixote to which the author replied, 'Seor, in Italian the book is called Le Bagatelle. 'And what does Le Bagatelle import in our Spanish? asked Don Quixote. 'Le Bagatelle, said the author, 'is as though we should say in Spanish Los Juguetes but though the book is humble in name it has good solid matter in it.
'I, said Don Quixote, 'have some little smattering of Italian, and I plume myself on singing some of Ariosto's stanzas but tell me, seorI do not say this to test your ability, but merely out of curiosityhave you ever met with the word pignatta in your book? 'Yes, often, said the author.
'And how do you render that in Spanish? 'How should I render it, returned the author, 'but by olla? 'Body o' me, exclaimed Don Quixote, 'what a proficient you are in the Italian language! I would lay a good wager that where they say in Italian piace you say in Spanish place, and where they say piu you say mas, and you translate s by arriba and gi by abajo.
'I translate them so of course, said the author, 'for those are their proper equivalents. 'I would venture to swear, said Don Quixote, 'that your worship is not known in the world, which always begrudges their reward to rare wits and praiseworthy labours. What talents lie wasted there! What genius thrust away into corners!
Still it seems to me that translation from one language into another, if it be not from the queens of languages, the Greek and the Latin, is like looking at Flemish tapestries on the wrong side for though the figures are visible, they are full of threads that make them indistinct, and they do not show with the smoothness and brightness of the right side and translation from easy languages argues neither ingenuity nor command of words, any more than transcribing or copying out one document from another.
But I do not mean by this to draw the inference that no credit is to be allowed for the work of translating, for a man may employ himself in ways worse and less profitable to himself. This estimate does not include two famous translators, Doctor Cristbal de Figueroa, in his Pastor Fido, and Don Juan de Juregui, in his Aminta, wherein by their felicity they leave it in doubt which is the translation and which the original.
But tell me, are you printing this book at your own risk, or have you sold the copyright to some bookseller? 'I print at my own risk, said the author, 'and I expect to make a thousand ducats at least by this first edition, which is to be of two thousand copies that will go off in a twinkling at six reals apiece.
'A fine calculation you are making! said Don Quixote 'it is plain you don't know the ins and outs of the printers, and how they play into one another's hands. I promise you when you find yourself saddled with two thousand copies you will feel so sore that it will astonish you, particularly if the book is a little out of the common and not in any way highly spiced.
'What! said the author, 'would your worship, then, have me give it to a bookseller who will give three maravedis for the copyright and think he is doing me a favour? I do not print my books to win fame in the world, for I am known in it already by my works I want to make money, without which reputation is not worth a rap.
'God send your worship good luck, said Don Quixote and he moved on to another case, where he saw them correcting a sheet of a book with the title of 'Light of the Soul noticing it he observed, 'Books like this, though there are many of the kind, are the ones that deserve to be printed, for many are the sinners in these days, and lights unnumbered are needed for all that are in darkness.
'I have heard of this book already, said Don Quixote, 'and verily and on my conscience I thought it had been by this time burned to ashes as a meddlesome intruder but its Martinmas will come to it as it does to every pig for fictions have the more merit and charm about them the more nearly they approach the truth or what looks like it and true stories, the truer they are the better they are and so saying he walked out of the printing office with a certain amount of displeasure in his looks.
Don Antonio sent word to the commandant of the galleys that he intended to bring his guest, the famous Don Quixote of La Mancha, of whom the commandant and all the citizens had already heard, that afternoon to see them and what happened on board of them will be told in the next chapter.
This he turned over in his mind again and again with great satisfaction, fully persuaded that he would shortly see its fulfillment and as for Sancho, though, as has been said, he hated being a governor, still he had a longing to be giving orders and finding himself obeyed once more this is the misfortune that being in authority, even in jest, brings with it.
To resume that afternoon their host Don Antonio Moreno and his two friends, with Don Quixote and Sancho, went to the galleys. The commandant had been already made aware of his good fortune in seeing two such famous persons as Don Quixote and Sancho, and the instant they came to the shore all the galleys struck their awnings and the clarions rang out.
A skiff covered with rich carpets and cushions of crimson velvet was immediately lowered into the water, and as Don Quixote stepped on board of it, the leading galley fired her gangway gun, and the other galleys did the same and as he mounted the starboard ladder the whole crew saluted him (as is the custom when a personage of distinction comes on board a galley) by exclaiming 'Hu, hu, hu, three times.
The general, for so we shall call him, a Valencian gentleman of rank, gave him his hand and embraced him, saying, 'I shall mark this day with a white stone as one of the happiest I can expect to enjoy in my lifetime, since I have seen Seor Don Quixote of La Mancha, pattern and image wherein we see contained and condensed all that is worthy in knighterrantry.
Don Quixote delighted beyond measure with such a lordly reception, replied to him in words no less courteous. All then proceeded to the poop, which was very handsomely decorated, and seated themselves on the bulwark benches the boatswain passed along the gangway and piped all hands to strip, which they did in an instant.
Sancho, seeing such a number of men stripped to the skin, was taken aback, and still more when he saw them spread the awning so briskly that it seemed to him as if all the devils were at work at it but all this was cakes and fancy bread to what I am going to tell now.
Don Quixote when he saw Sancho's flight without wings asked the general if this was a usual ceremony with those who came on board the galleys for the first time for, if so, as he had no intention of adopting them as a profession, he had no mind to perform such feats of agility, and if anyone offered to lay hold of him to whirl him about, he vowed to God he would kick his soul out and as he said this he stood up and clapped his hand upon his sword.
At this instant they struck the awning and lowered the yard with a prodigious rattle. Sancho thought heaven was coming off its hinges and going to fall on his head, and full of terror he ducked it and buried it between his knees nor were Don Quixote's knees altogether under control, for he too shook a little, squeezed his shoulders together and lost colour.
The crew then hoisted the yard with the same rapidity and clatter as when they lowered it, all the while keeping silence as though they had neither voice nor breath. The boatswain gave the signal to weigh anchor, and leaping upon the middle of the gangway began to lay on to the shoulders of the crew with his courbash or whip, and to haul out gradually to sea.
When Sancho saw so many red feet (for such he took the oars to be) moving all together, he said to himself, 'It's these that are the real chanted things, and not the ones my master talks of. What can those wretches have done to be so whipped and how does that one man who goes along there whistling dare to whip so many?
I declare this is hell, or at least purgatory! Don Quixote, observing how attentively Sancho regarded what was going on, said to him, 'Ah, Sancho my friend, how quickly and cheaply might you finish off the disenchantment of Dulcinea, if you would strip to the waist and take your place among those gentlemen!
Amid the pain and sufferings of so many you would not feel your own much and moreover perhaps the sage Merlin would allow each of these lashes, being laid on with a good hand, to count for ten of those which you must give yourself at last. The general was about to ask what these lashes were, and what was Dulcinea's disenchantment, when a sailor exclaimed, 'Monjui signals that there is an oared vessel off the coast to the west.
On hearing this the general sprang upon the gangway crying, 'Now then, my sons, don't let her give us the slip! It must be some Algerine corsair brigantine that the watchtower signals to us. The three others immediately came alongside the chief galley to receive their orders. The general ordered two to put out to sea while he with the other kept in shore, so that in this way the vessel could not escape them.
The crews plied the oars driving the galleys so furiously that they seemed to fly. The two that had put out to sea, after a couple of miles sighted a vessel which, so far as they could make out, they judged to be one of fourteen or fifteen banks, and so she proved.
As soon as the vessel discovered the galleys she went about with the object and in the hope of making her escape by her speed but the attempt failed, for the chief galley was one of the fastest vessels afloat, and overhauled her so rapidly that they on board the brigantine saw clearly there was no possibility of escaping, and the rais therefore would have had them drop their oars and give themselves up so as not to provoke the captain in command of our galleys to anger.
But chance, directing things otherwise, so ordered it that just as the chief galley came close enough for those on board the vessel to hear the shouts from her calling on them to surrender, two Toraquis, that is to say two Turks, both drunken, that with a dozen more were on board the brigantine, discharged their muskets, killing two of the soldiers that lined the sides of our vessel.
The galley shot a good way ahead those on board the vessel saw their case was desperate, and while the galley was coming about they made sail, and by sailing and rowing once more tried to sheer off but their activity did not do them as much good as their rashness did them harm, for the galley coming up with them in a little more than half a mile threw her oars over them and took the whole of them alive.
The other two galleys now joined company and all four returned with the prize to the beach, where a vast multitude stood waiting for them, eager to see what they brought back. The general anchored close in, and perceived that the viceroy of the city was on the shore. He ordered the skiff to push off to fetch him, and the yard to be lowered for the purpose of hanging forthwith the rais and the rest of the men taken on board the vessel, about sixandthirty in number, all smart fellows and most of them Turkish musketeers.
He asked which was the rais of the brigantine, and was answered in Spanish by one of the prisoners (who afterwards proved to be a Spanish renegade), 'This young man, seor, that you see here is our rais, and he pointed to one of the handsomest and most gallantlooking youths that could be imagined.
He did not seem to be twenty years of age. 'Tell me, dog, said the general, 'what led thee to kill my soldiers, when thou sawest it was impossible for thee to escape? Is that the way to behave to chief galleys? Knowest thou not that rashness is not valour?
Faint prospects of success should make men bold, but not rash. The rais was about to reply, but the general could not at that moment listen to him, as he had to hasten to receive the viceroy, who was now coming on board the galley, and with him certain of his attendants and some of the people.
'Because, said the general, 'against all law, reason, and usages of war they have killed on my hands two of the best soldiers on board these galleys, and I have sworn to hang every man that I have taken, but above all this youth who is the rais of the brigantine, and he pointed to him as he stood with his hands already bound and the rope round his neck, ready for death.
The viceroy looked at him, and seeing him so wellfavoured, so graceful, and so submissive, he felt a desire to spare his life, the comeliness of the youth furnishing him at once with a letter of recommendation. He therefore questioned him, saying, 'Tell me, rais, art thou Turk, Moor, or renegade?
To which the youth replied, also in Spanish, 'I am neither Turk, nor Moor, nor renegade. 'What art thou, then? said the viceroy. 'A Christian woman, replied the youth. 'A woman and a Christian, in such a dress and in such circumstances! It is more marvellous than credible, said the viceroy.
'Suspend the execution of the sentence, said the youth 'your vengeance will not lose much by waiting while I tell you the story of my life. What heart could be so hard as not to be softened by these words, at any rate so far as to listen to what the unhappy youth had to say?
The general bade him say what he pleased, but not to expect pardon for his flagrant offence. With this permission the youth began in these words. 'Born of Morisco parents, I am of that nation, more unhappy than wise, upon which of late a sea of woes has poured down.
It availed me nothing with those charged with our sad expatriation to protest this, nor would my uncles believe it on the contrary, they treated it as an untruth and a subterfuge set up to enable me to remain behind in the land of my birth and so, more by force than of my own will, they took me with them.
I had a Christian mother, and a father who was a man of sound sense and a Christian too I imbibed the Catholic faith with my mother's milk, I was well brought up, and neither in word nor in deed did I, I think, show any sign of being a Morisco.
To accompany these virtues, for such I hold them, my beauty, if I possess any, grew with my growth and great as was the seclusion in which I lived it was not so great but that a young gentleman, Don Gaspar Gregorio by name, eldest son of a gentleman who is lord of a village near ours, contrived to find opportunities of seeing me.
How he saw me, how we met, how his heart was lost to me, and mine not kept from him, would take too long to tell, especially at a moment when I am in dread of the cruel cord that threatens me interposing between tongue and throat I will only say, therefore, that Don Gregorio chose to accompany me in our banishment.
He joined company with the Moriscoes who were going forth from other villages, for he knew their language very well, and on the voyage he struck up a friendship with my two uncles who were carrying me with them for my father, like a wise and farsighted man, as soon as he heard the first edict for our expulsion, quitted the village and departed in quest of some refuge for us abroad.
He left hidden and buried, at a spot of which I alone have knowledge, a large quantity of pearls and precious stones of great value, together with a sum of money in gold cruzadoes and doubloons. He charged me on no account to touch the treasure, if by any chance they expelled us before his return.
I obeyed him, and with my uncles, as I have said, and others of our kindred and neighbours, passed over to Barbary, and the place where we took up our abode was Algiers, much the same as if we had taken it up in hell itself. The king heard of my beauty, and report told him of my wealth, which was in some degree fortunate for me.
He summoned me before him, and asked me what part of Spain I came from, and what money and jewels I had. I mentioned the place, and told him the jewels and money were buried there but that they might easily be recovered if I myself went back for them.
All this I told him, in dread lest my beauty and not his own covetousness should influence him. While he was engaged in conversation with me, they brought him word that in company with me was one of the handsomest and most graceful youths that could be imagined. I knew at once that they were speaking of Don Gaspar Gregorio, whose comeliness surpasses the most highly vaunted beauty.
I was troubled when I thought of the danger he was in, for among those barbarous Turks a fair youth is more esteemed than a woman, be she ever so beautiful. The king immediately ordered him to be brought before him that he might see him, and asked me if what they said about the youth was true.
I then, almost as if inspired by heaven, told him it was, but that I would have him to know it was not a man, but a woman like myself, and I entreated him to allow me to go and dress her in the attire proper to her, so that her beauty might be seen to perfection, and that she might present herself before him with less embarrassment.
What we both suffered (for I cannot deny that I love him) may be left to the imagination of those who are separated if they love one another dearly. The king then arranged that I should return to Spain in this brigantine, and that two Turks, those who killed your soldiers, should accompany me.
There also came with me this Spanish renegadeand here she pointed to him who had first spoken'whom I know to be secretly a Christian, and to be more desirous of being left in Spain than of returning to Barbary. The rest of the crew of the brigantine are Moors and Turks, who merely serve as rowers.
The two Turks, greedy and insolent, instead of obeying the orders we had to land me and this renegade in Christian dress (with which we came provided) on the first Spanish ground we came to, chose to run along the coast and make some prize if they could, fearing that if they put us ashore first, we might, in case of some accident befalling us, make it known that the brigantine was at sea, and thus, if there happened to be any galleys on the coast, they might be taken.
We sighted this shore last night, and knowing nothing of these galleys, we were discovered, and the result was what you have seen. To sum up, there is Don Gregorio in woman's dress, among women, in imminent danger of his life and here am I, with hands bound, in expectation, or rather in dread, of losing my life, of which I am already weary.
Here, sirs, ends my sad story, as true as it is unhappy all I ask of you is to allow me to die like a Christian, for, as I have already said, I am not to be charged with the offence of which those of my nation are guilty and she stood silent, her eyes filled with moving tears, accompanied by plenty from the bystanders.
But all the while the Morisco Christian was telling her strange story, an elderly pilgrim, who had come on board of the galley at the same time as the viceroy, kept his eyes fixed upon her and the instant she ceased speaking he threw himself at her feet, and embracing them said in a voice broken by sobs and sighs, 'O Ana Felix, my unhappy daughter, I am thy father Ricote, come back to look for thee, unable to live without thee, my soul that thou art!
At these words of his, Sancho opened his eyes and raised his head, which he had been holding down, brooding over his unlucky excursion and looking at the pilgrim he recognised in him that same Ricote he met the day he quitted his government, and felt satisfied that this was his daughter.
She being now unbound embraced her father, mingling her tears with his, while he addressing the general and the viceroy said, 'This, sirs, is my daughter, more unhappy in her adventures than in her name. She is Ana Felix, surnamed Ricote, celebrated as much for her own beauty as for my wealth.
I quitted my native land in search of some shelter or refuge for us abroad, and having found one in Germany I returned in this pilgrim's dress, in the company of some other German pilgrims, to seek my daughter and take up a large quantity of treasure I had left buried.
My daughter I did not find, the treasure I found and have with me and now, in this strange roundabout way you have seen, I find the treasure that more than all makes me rich, my beloved daughter. If our innocence and her tears and mine can with strict justice open the door to clemency, extend it to us, for we never had any intention of injuring you, nor do we sympathise with the aims of our people, who have been justly banished.
While all present stood amazed at this strange occurrence the general said, 'At any rate your tears will not allow me to keep my oath live, fair Ana Felix, all the years that heaven has allotted you but these rash insolent fellows must pay the penalty of the crime they have committed and with that he gave orders to have the two Turks who had killed his two soldiers hanged at once at the yardarm.
The viceroy, however, begged him earnestly not to hang them, as their behaviour savoured rather of madness than of bravado. The general yielded to the viceroy's request, for revenge is not easily taken in cold blood. They then tried to devise some scheme for rescuing Don Gaspar Gregorio from the danger in which he had been left.
Ricote offered for that object more than two thousand ducats that he had in pearls and gems they proposed several plans, but none so good as that suggested by the renegade already mentioned, who offered to return to Algiers in a small vessel of about six banks, manned by Christian rowers, as he knew where, how, and when he could and should land, nor was he ignorant of the house in which Don Gaspar was staying.
The general and the viceroy had some hesitation about placing confidence in the renegade and entrusting him with the Christians who were to row, but Ana Felix said she could answer for him, and her father offered to go and pay the ransom of the Christians if by any chance they should not be forthcoming.
This, then, being agreed upon, the viceroy landed, and Don Antonio Moreno took the fair Morisco and her father home with him, the viceroy charging him to give them the best reception and welcome in his power, while on his own part he offered all that house contained for their entertainment so great was the goodwill and kindliness the beauty of Ana Felix had infused into his heart.
The wife of Don Antonio Moreno, so the history says, was extremely happy to see Ana Felix in her house. She welcomed her with great kindness, charmed as well by her beauty as by her intelligence for in both respects the fair Morisco was richly endowed, and all the people of the city flocked to see her as though they had been summoned by the ringing of the bells.
Don Quixote told Don Antonio that the plan adopted for releasing Don Gregorio was not a good one, for its risks were greater than its advantages, and that it would be better to land himself with his arms and horse in Barbary for he would carry him off in spite of the whole Moorish host, as Don Gaiferos carried off his wife Melisendra.
'Remember, your worship, observed Sancho on hearing him say so, 'Seor Don Gaiferos carried off his wife from the mainland, and took her to France by land but in this case, if by chance we carry off Don Gregorio, we have no way of bringing him to Spain, for there's the sea between.
'There's a remedy for everything except death, said Don Quixote 'if they bring the vessel close to the shore we shall be able to get on board though all the world strive to prevent us. 'Your worship hits it off mighty well and mighty easy, said Sancho 'but 'it's a long step from saying to doing' and I hold to the renegade, for he seems to me an honest goodhearted fellow.
Two days afterwards the renegade put to sea in a light vessel of six oars aside manned by a stout crew, and two days later the galleys made sail eastward, the general having begged the viceroy to let him know all about the release of Don Gregorio and about Ana Felix, and the viceroy promised to do as he requested.
Take, therefore, the side of the field you choose, and I will do the same and to whom God shall give it may Saint Peter add his blessing. The Knight of the White Moon had been seen from the city, and it was told the viceroy how he was in conversation with Don Quixote.
The viceroy, fancying it must be some fresh adventure got up by Don Antonio Moreno or some other gentleman of the city, hurried out at once to the beach accompanied by Don Antonio and several other gentlemen, just as Don Quixote was wheeling Rocinante round in order to take up the necessary distance.
The viceroy upon this, seeing that the pair of them were evidently preparing to come to the charge, put himself between them, asking them what it was that led them to engage in combat all of a sudden in this way. The Knight of the White Moon replied that it was a question of precedence of beauty and briefly told him what he had said to Don Quixote, and how the conditions of the defiance agreed upon on both sides had been accepted.
The viceroy went over to Don Antonio, and asked in a low voice did he know who the Knight of the White Moon was, or was it some joke they were playing on Don Quixote. Don Antonio replied that he neither knew who he was nor whether the defiance was in joke or in earnest.
This answer left the viceroy in a state of perplexity, not knowing whether he ought to let the combat go on or not but unable to persuade himself that it was anything but a joke he fell back, saying, 'If there be no other way out of it, gallant knights, except to confess or die, and Don Quixote is inflexible, and your worship of the White Moon still more so, in God's hand be it, and fall on.
Don Quixote, bruised and stupefied, without raising his visor said in a weak feeble voice as if he were speaking out of a tomb, 'Dulcinea del Toboso is the fairest woman in the world, and I the most unfortunate knight on earth it is not fitting that this truth should suffer by my feebleness drive your lance home, sir knight, and take my life, since you have taken away my honour.
'That will I not, in sooth, said he of the White Moon 'live the fame of the lady Dulcinea's beauty undimmed as ever all I require is that the great Don Quixote retire to his own home for a year, or for so long a time as shall by me be enjoined upon him, as we agreed before engaging in this combat.
The viceroy, Don Antonio, and several others who were present heard all this, and heard too how Don Quixote replied that so long as nothing in prejudice of Dulcinea was demanded of him, he would observe all the rest like a true and loyal knight. The engagement given, he of the White Moon wheeled about, and making obeisance to the viceroy with a movement of the head, rode away into the city at a half gallop.
The viceroy bade Don Antonio hasten after him, and by some means or other find out who he was. They raised Don Quixote up and uncovered his face, and found him pale and bathed with sweat. Rocinante from the mere hard measure he had received lay unable to stir for the present.
He saw the light of the glory of his achievements obscured the hopes of the promises lately made him swept away like smoke before the wind Rocinante, he feared, was crippled for life, and his master's bones out of joint for if he were only shaken out of his madness it would be no small luck.
In the end they carried him into the city in a handchair which the viceroy sent for, and thither the viceroy himself returned, eager to ascertain who this Knight of the White Moon was who had left Don Quixote in such a sad plight. Don Antonio Moreno followed the Knight of the White Moon, and a number of boys followed him too, nay pursued him, until they had him fairly housed in a hostel in the heart of the city.
He of the White Moon, seeing then that the gentleman would not leave him, said, 'I know very well, seor, what you have come for it is to find out who I am and as there is no reason why I should conceal it from you, while my servant here is taking off my armour I will tell you the true state of the case, without leaving out anything.
I am of the same village as Don Quixote of La Mancha, whose craze and folly make all of us who know him feel pity for him, and I am one of those who have felt it most and persuaded that his chance of recovery lay in quiet and keeping at home and in his own house, I hit upon a device for keeping him there.
Three months ago, therefore, I went out to meet him as a knighterrant, under the assumed name of the Knight of the Mirrors, intending to engage him in combat and overcome him without hurting him, making it the condition of our combat that the vanquished should be at the disposal of the victor.
What I meant to demand of him (for I regarded him as vanquished already) was that he should return to his own village, and not leave it for a whole year, by which time he might be cured. But fate ordered it otherwise, for he vanquished me and unhorsed me, and so my plan failed.
He went his way, and I came back conquered, covered with shame, and sorely bruised by my fall, which was a particularly dangerous one. But this did not quench my desire to meet him again and overcome him, as you have seen today. And as he is so scrupulous in his observance of the laws of knighterrantry, he will, no doubt, in order to keep his word, obey the injunction I have laid upon him.
This, seor, is how the matter stands, and I have nothing more to tell you. I implore of you not to betray me, or tell Don Quixote who I am so that my honest endeavours may be successful, and that a man of excellent witswere he only rid of the fooleries of chivalrymay get them back again.
'O seor, said Don Antonio, 'may God forgive you the wrong you have done the whole world in trying to bring the most amusing madman in it back to his senses. Do you not see, seor, that the gain by Don Quixote's sanity can never equal the enjoyment his crazes give?
But my belief is that all the seor bachelor's pains will be of no avail to bring a man so hopelessly cracked to his senses again and if it were not uncharitable, I would say may Don Quixote never be cured, for by his recovery we lose not only his own drolleries, but his squire Sancho Panza's too, any one of which is enough to turn melancholy itself into merriment.
The bachelor replied that at all events the affair promised well, and he hoped for a happy result from it and putting his services at Don Antonio's commands he took his leave of him and having had his armour packed at once upon a mule, he rode away from the city the same day on the horse he rode to battle, and returned to his own country without meeting any adventure calling for record in this veracious history.
Don Antonio reported to the viceroy what Carrasco told him, and the viceroy was not very well pleased to hear it, for with Don Quixote's retirement there was an end to the amusement of all who knew anything of his mad doings. Six days did Don Quixote keep his bed, dejected, melancholy, moody and out of sorts, brooding over the unhappy event of his defeat.
Sancho strove to comfort him, and among other things he said to him, 'Hold up your head, seor, and be of good cheer if you can, and give thanks to heaven that if you have had a tumble to the ground you have not come off with a broken rib and, as you know that 'where they give they take,' and that 'there are not always fletches where there are pegs,' a fig for the doctor, for there's no need of him to cure this ailment.
With the government I gave up all wish to be a governor again, but I did not give up all longing to be a count and that will never come to pass if your worship gives up becoming a king by renouncing the calling of chivalry and so my hopes are going to turn into smoke.
'Peace, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'thou seest my suspension and retirement is not to exceed a year I shall soon return to my honoured calling, and I shall not be at a loss for a kingdom to win and a county to bestow on thee. 'May God hear it and sin be deaf, said Sancho 'I have always heard say that 'a good hope is better than a bad holding.
As they were talking Don Antonio came in looking extremely pleased and exclaiming, 'Reward me for my good news, Seor Don Quixote! Don Gregorio and the renegade who went for him have come ashoreashore do I say? They are by this time in the viceroy's house, and will be here immediately.
Don Quixote cheered up a little and said, 'Of a truth I am almost ready to say I should have been glad had it turned out just the other way, for it would have obliged me to cross over to Barbary, where by the might of my arm I should have restored to liberty, not only Don Gregorio, but all the Christian captives there are in Barbary.
But what am I saying, miserable being that I am? Am I not he that has been conquered? Am I not he that has been overthrown? Am I not he who must not take up arms for a year? Then what am I making professions for what am I bragging about when it is fitter for me to handle the distaff than the sword?
When they carried him away from Algiers he was in woman's dress on board the vessel, however, he exchanged it for that of a captive who escaped with him but in whatever dress he might be he looked like one to be loved and served and esteemed, for he was surpassingly wellfavoured, and to judge by appearances some seventeen or eighteen years of age.
Ricote and his daughter came out to welcome him, the father with tears, the daughter with bashfulness. They did not embrace each other, for where there is deep love there will never be overmuch boldness. Seen side by side, the comeliness of Don Gregorio and the beauty of Ana Felix were the admiration of all who were present.
The renegade explained the measures and means he had adopted to rescue Don Gregorio, and Don Gregorio at no great length, but in a few words, in which he showed that his intelligence was in advance of his years, described the peril and embarrassment he found himself in among the women with whom he had sojourned.
Two days later the viceroy discussed with Don Antonio the steps they should take to enable Ana Felix and her father to stay in Spain, for it seemed to them there could be no objection to a daughter who was so good a Christian and a father to all appearance so well disposed remaining there.
'At any rate, said Don Antonio, 'when I am there I will make all possible efforts, and let heaven do as pleases it best Don Gregorio will come with me to relieve the anxiety which his parents must be suffering on account of his absence Ana Felix will remain in my house with my wife, or in a monastery and I know the viceroy will be glad that the worthy Ricote should stay with him until we see what terms I can make.
The viceroy agreed to all that was proposed but Don Gregorio on learning what had passed declared he could not and would not on any account leave Ana Felix however, as it was his purpose to go and see his parents and devise some way of returning for her, he fell in with the proposed arrangement.
Ana Felix remained with Don Antonio's wife, and Ricote in the viceroy's house. The day for Don Antonio's departure came and two days later that for Don Quixote's and Sancho's, for Don Quixote's fall did not suffer him to take the road sooner. There were tears and sighs, swoonings and sobs, at the parting between Don Gregorio and Ana Felix.
Ricote offered Don Gregorio a thousand crowns if he would have them, but he would not take any save five which Don Antonio lent him and he promised to repay at the capital. So the two of them took their departure, and Don Quixote and Sancho afterwards, as has been already said, Don Quixote without his armour and in travelling gear, and Sancho on foot, Dapple being loaded with the armour.
As he left Barcelona, Don Quixote turned gaze upon the spot where he had fallen. 'Here Troy was, said he 'here my illluck, not my cowardice, robbed me of all the glory I had won here Fortune made me the victim of her caprices here the lustre of my achievements was dimmed here, in a word, fell my happiness never to rise again.
'Seor, said Sancho on hearing this, 'it is the part of brave hearts to be patient in adversity just as much as to be glad in prosperity I judge by myself, for, if when I was a governor I was glad, now that I am a squire and on foot I am not sad and I have heard say that she whom commonly they call Fortune is a drunken whimsical jade, and, what is more, blind, and therefore neither sees what she does, nor knows whom she casts down or whom she sets up.
In a word, I ventured it, I did my best, I was overthrown, but though I lost my honour I did not lose nor can I lose the virtue of keeping my word. When I was a knighterrant, daring and valiant, I supported my achievements by hand and deed, and now that I am a humble squire I will support my words by keeping the promise I have given.
Forward then, Sancho my friend, let us go to keep the year of the novitiate in our own country, and in that seclusion we shall pick up fresh strength to return to the by me neverforgotten calling of arms. 'Seor, returned Sancho, 'travelling on foot is not such a pleasant thing that it makes me feel disposed or tempted to make long marches.
Let us leave this armour hung up on some tree, instead of someone that has been hanged and then with me on Dapple's back and my feet off the ground we will arrange the stages as your worship pleases to measure them out but to suppose that I am going to travel on foot, and make long ones, is to suppose nonsense.
'Thou sayest well, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'let my armour be hung up for a trophy, and under it or round it we will carve on the trees what was inscribed on the trophy of Roland's armour These let none move Who dareth not his might with Roland prove. 'That's the very thing, said Sancho 'and if it was not that we should feel the want of Rocinante on the road, it would be as well to leave him hung up too.
'And yet, I had rather not have either him or the armour hung up, said Don Quixote, 'that it may not be said, 'for good service a bad return.' 'Your worship is right, said Sancho 'for, as sensible people hold, 'the fault of the ass must not be laid on the packsaddle' and, as in this affair the fault is your worship's, punish yourself and don't let your anger break out against the already battered and bloody armour, or the meekness of Rocinante, or the tenderness of my feet, trying to make them travel more than is reasonable.
In converse of this sort the whole of that day went by, as did the four succeeding ones, without anything occurring to interrupt their journey, but on the fifth as they entered a village they found a great number of people at the door of an inn enjoying themselves, as it was a holiday.
Upon Don Quixote's approach a peasant called out, 'One of these two gentlemen who come here, and who don't know the parties, will tell us what we ought to do about our wager. 'That I will, certainly, said Don Quixote, 'and according to the rights of the case, if I can manage to understand it.
The agreement was that they were to run a distance of a hundred paces with equal weights and when the challenger was asked how the weights were to be equalised he said that the other, as he weighed nine stone, should put eleven in iron on his back, and that in this way the twenty stone of the thin man would equal the twenty stone of the fat one.
'Not at all, exclaimed Sancho at once, before Don Quixote could answer 'it's for me, that only a few days ago left off being a governor and a judge, as all the world knows, to settle these doubtful questions and give an opinion in disputes of all sorts. 'Answer in God's name, Sancho my friend, said Don Quixote, 'for I am not fit to give crumbs to a cat, my wits are so confused and upset.
With this permission Sancho said to the peasants who stood clustered round him, waiting with open mouths for the decision to come from his, 'Brothers, what the fat man requires is not in reason, nor has it a shadow of justice in it because, if it be true, as they say, that the challenged may choose the weapons, the other has no right to choose such as will prevent and keep him from winning.
My decision, therefore, is that the fat challenger prune, peel, thin, trim and correct himself, and take eleven stone of his flesh off his body, here or there, as he pleases, and as suits him best and being in this way reduced to nine stone weight, he will make himself equal and even with nine stone of his opponent, and they will be able to run on equal terms.
I'll bet, if they are going to Salamanca to study, they'll come to be alcaldes of the Court in a trice for it's a mere jokeonly to read and read, and have interest and good luck and before a man knows where he is he finds himself with a staff in his hand or a mitre on his head.
'I do not recognise you, friend, said Don Quixote, 'nor do I know who you are, unless you tell me. 'I am Tosilos, my lord the duke's lacquey, Seor Don Quixote, replied the courier 'he who refused to fight your worship about marrying the daughter of Doa Rodriguez. 'God bless me!
exclaimed Don Quixote 'is it possible that you are the one whom mine enemies the enchanters changed into the lacquey you speak of in order to rob me of the honour of that battle? 'Nonsense, good sir! said the messenger 'there was no enchantment or transformation at all I entered the lists just as much lacquey Tosilos as I came out of them lacquey Tosilos.
If your worship would like a drop, sound though warm, I have a gourd here full of the best, and some scraps of Tronchon cheese that will serve as a provocative and wakener of your thirst if so be it is asleep. 'I take the offer, said Sancho 'no more compliments about it pour out, good Tosilos, in spite of all the enchanters in the Indies.
'Thou art indeed the greatest glutton in the world, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'and the greatest booby on earth, not to be able to see that this courier is enchanted and this Tosilos a sham one stop with him and take thy fill I will go on slowly and wait for thee to come up with me.
The lacquey laughed, unsheathed his gourd, unwalletted his scraps, and taking out a small loaf of bread he and Sancho seated themselves on the green grass, and in peace and good fellowship finished off the contents of the alforjas down to the bottom, so resolutely that they licked the wrapper of the letters, merely because it smelt of cheese.
Said Tosilos to Sancho, 'Beyond a doubt, Sancho my friend, this master of thine ought to be a madman. 'Ought! said Sancho 'he owes no man anything he pays for everything, particularly when the coin is madness. I see it plain enough, and I tell him so plain enough but what's the use?
Tosilos begged him to explain what had happened him, but Sancho replied that it would not be good manners to leave his master waiting for him and that some other day if they met there would be time enough for that and then getting up, after shaking his doublet and brushing the crumbs out of his beard, he drove Dapple on before him, and bidding adieu to Tosilos left him and rejoined his master, who was waiting for him under the shade of a tree.
If a multitude of reflections used to harass Don Quixote before he had been overthrown, a great many more harassed him since his fall. He was under the shade of a tree, as has been said, and there, like flies on honey, thoughts came crowding upon him and stinging him.
Some of them turned upon the disenchantment of Dulcinea, others upon the life he was about to lead in his enforced retirement. Sancho came up and spoke in high praise of the generous disposition of the lacquey Tosilos. 'Is it possible, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'that thou dost still think that he yonder is a real lacquey?
Apparently it has escaped thy memory that thou hast seen Dulcinea turned and transformed into a peasant wench, and the Knight of the Mirrors into the bachelor Carrasco all the work of the enchanters that persecute me. But tell me now, didst thou ask this Tosilos, as thou callest him, what has become of Altisidora, did she weep over my absence, or has she already consigned to oblivion the love thoughts that used to afflict her when I was present?
'The thoughts that I had, said Sancho, 'were not such as to leave time for asking fool's questions. Body o' me, seor! is your worship in a condition now to inquire into other people's thoughts, above all love thoughts? 'Look ye, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'there is a great difference between what is done out of love and what is done out of gratitude.
Altisidora, to all appearance, loved me truly she gave me the three kerchiefs thou knowest of she wept at my departure, she cursed me, she abused me, casting shame to the winds she bewailed herself in public all signs that she adored me for the wrath of lovers always ends in curses.
I had no hopes to give her, nor treasures to offer her, for mine are given to Dulcinea, and the treasures of knightserrant are like those of the fairies,' illusory and deceptive all I can give her is the place in my memory I keep for her, without prejudice, however, to that which I hold devoted to Dulcinea, whom thou art wronging by thy remissness in whipping thyself and scourging that fleshwould that I saw it eaten by wolveswhich would rather keep itself for the worms than for the relief of that poor lady.
'Seor, replied Sancho, 'if the truth is to be told, I cannot persuade myself that the whipping of my backside has anything to do with the disenchantment of the enchanted it is like saying, 'If your head aches rub ointment on your knees' at any rate I'll make bold to swear that in all the histories dealing with knighterrantry that your worship has read you have never come across anybody disenchanted by whipping but whether or no I'll whip myself when I have a fancy for it, and the opportunity serves for scourging myself comfortably.
'God grant it, said Don Quixote 'and heaven give thee grace to take it to heart and own the obligation thou art under to help my lady, who is thine also, inasmuch as thou art mine. As they pursued their journey talking in this way they came to the very same spot where they had been trampled on by the bulls.
Don Quixote recognised it, and said he to Sancho, 'This is the meadow where we came upon those gay shepherdesses and gallant shepherds who were trying to revive and imitate the pastoral Arcadia there, an idea as novel as it was happy, in emulation whereof, if so be thou dost approve of it, Sancho, I would have ourselves turn shepherds, at any rate for the time I have to live in retirement.
I will buy some ewes and everything else requisite for the pastoral calling and, I under the name of the shepherd Quixotize and thou as the shepherd Panzino, we will roam the woods and groves and meadows singing songs here, lamenting in elegies there, drinking of the crystal waters of the springs or limpid brooks or flowing rivers.
The oaks will yield us their sweet fruit with bountiful hand, the trunks of the hard cork trees a seat, the willows shade, the roses perfume, the widespread meadows carpets tinted with a thousand dyes the clear pure air will give us breath, the moon and stars lighten the darkness of the night for us, song shall be our delight, lamenting our joy, Apollo will supply us with verses, and love with conceits whereby we shall make ourselves famed for ever, not only in this but in ages to come.
'Egad, said Sancho, 'but that sort of life squares, nay corners, with my notions and what is more the bachelor Samson Carrasco and Master Nicholas the barber won't have well seen it before they'll want to follow it and turn shepherds along with us and God grant it may not come into the curate's head to join the sheepfold too, he's so jovial and fond of enjoying himself.
'Thou art in the right of it, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'and the bachelor Samson Carrasco, if he enters the pastoral fraternity, as no doubt he will, may call himself the shepherd Samsonino, or perhaps the shepherd Carrascon Nicholas the barber may call himself Niculoso, as old Boscan formerly was called Nemoroso as for the curate I don't know what name we can fit to him unless it be something derived from his title, and we call him the shepherd Curiambro.
For the shepherdesses whose lovers we shall be, we can pick names as we would pears and as my lady's name does just as well for a shepherdess's as for a princess's, I need not trouble myself to look for one that will suit her better to thine, Sancho, thou canst give what name thou wilt.
'I don't mean to give her any but Teresona, said Sancho, 'which will go well with her stoutness and with her own right name, as she is called Teresa and then when I sing her praises in my verses I'll show how chaste my passion is, for I'm not going to look 'for better bread than ever came from wheat' in other men's houses.
It won't do for the curate to have a shepherdess, for the sake of good example and if the bachelor chooses to have one, that is his lookout. 'God bless me, Sancho my friend! said Don Quixote, 'what a life we shall lead! What hautboys and Zamora bagpipes we shall hear, what tabors, timbrels, and rebecks!
And then if among all these different sorts of music that of the albogues is heard, almost all the pastoral instruments will be there. 'What are albogues? asked Sancho, 'for I never in my life heard tell of them or saw them. 'Albogues, said Don Quixote, 'are brass plates like candlesticks that struck against one another on the hollow side make a noise which, if not very pleasing or harmonious, is not disagreeable and accords very well with the rude notes of the bagpipe and tabor.
The word albogue is Morisco, as are all those in our Spanish tongue that begin with al for example, almohaza, almorzar, alhombra, alguacil, alhucema, almacen, alcancia, and others of the same sort, of which there are not many more our language has only three that are Morisco and end in i, which are borcegu, zaquizam, and maraved.
I mention this incidentally, the chance allusion to albogues having reminded me of it and it will be of great assistance to us in the perfect practice of this calling that I am something of a poet, as thou knowest, and that besides the bachelor Samson Carrasco is an accomplished one.
Of the curate I say nothing but I will wager he has some spice of the poet in him, and no doubt Master Nicholas too, for all barbers, or most of them, are guitar players and stringers of verses. I will bewail my separation thou shalt glorify thyself as a constant lover the shepherd Carrascon will figure as a rejected one, and the curate Curiambro as whatever may please him best and so all will go as gaily as heart could wish.
To this Sancho made answer, 'I am so unlucky, seor, that I'm afraid the day will never come when I'll see myself at such a calling. O what neat spoons I'll make when I'm a shepherd! What messes, creams, garlands, pastoral odds and ends! And if they don't get me a name for wisdom, they'll not fail to get me one for ingenuity.
'Observe, Sancho, replied Don Quixote, 'I bring in proverbs to the purpose, and when I quote them they fit like a ring to the finger thou bringest them in by the head and shoulders, in such a way that thou dost drag them in, rather than introduce them if I am not mistaken, I have told thee already that proverbs are short maxims drawn from the experience and observation of our wise men of old but the proverb that is not to the purpose is a piece of nonsense and not a maxim.
They turned aside, and supped late and poorly, very much against Sancho's will, who turned over in his mind the hardships attendant upon knighterrantry in woods and forests, even though at times plenty presented itself in castles and houses, as at Don Diego de Miranda's, at the wedding of Camacho the Rich, and at Don Antonio Moreno's he reflected, however, that it could not be always day, nor always night and so that night he passed in sleeping, and his master in waking.
Don Quixote obeyed nature so far as to sleep his first sleep, but did not give way to the second, very different from Sancho, who never had any second, because with him sleep lasted from night till morning, wherein he showed what a sound constitution and few cares he had.
Don Quixote's cares kept him restless, so much so that he awoke Sancho and said to him, 'I am amazed, Sancho, at the unconcern of thy temperament. I believe thou art made of marble or hard brass, incapable of any emotion or feeling whatever. I lie awake while thou sleepest, I weep while thou singest, I am faint with fasting while thou art sluggish and torpid from pure repletion.
It is the duty of good servants to share the sufferings and feel the sorrows of their masters, if it be only for the sake of appearances. See the calmness of the night, the solitude of the spot, inviting us to break our slumbers by a vigil of some sort.
Rise as thou livest, and retire a little distance, and with a good heart and cheerful courage give thyself three or four hundred lashes on account of Dulcinea's disenchantment score and this I entreat of thee, making it a request, for I have no desire to come to grips with thee a second time, as I know thou hast a heavy hand.
As soon as thou hast laid them on we will pass the rest of the night, I singing my separation, thou thy constancy, making a beginning at once with the pastoral life we are to follow at our village. 'Seor, replied Sancho, 'I'm no monk to get up out of the middle of my sleep and scourge myself, nor does it seem to me that one can pass from one extreme of the pain of whipping to the other of music.
Will your worship let me sleep, and not worry me about whipping myself? or you'll make me swear never to touch a hair of my doublet, not to say my flesh. 'O hard heart! said Don Quixote, 'O pitiless squire! O bread illbestowed and favours illacknowledged, both those I have done thee and those I mean to do thee!
'I don't know what that is, said Sancho 'all I know is that so long as I am asleep I have neither fear nor hope, trouble nor glory and good luck betide him that invented sleep, the cloak that covers over all a man's thoughts, the food that removes hunger, the drink that drives away thirst, the fire that warms the cold, the cold that tempers the heat, and, to wind up with, the universal coin wherewith everything is bought, the weight and balance that makes the shepherd equal with the king and the fool with the wise man.
'Never have I heard thee speak so elegantly as now, Sancho, said Don Quixote 'and here I begin to see the truth of the proverb thou dost sometimes quote, 'Not with whom thou art bred, but with whom thou art fed.' 'Ha, by my life, master mine, said Sancho, 'it's not I that am stringing proverbs now, for they drop in pairs from your worship's mouth faster than from mine only there is this difference between mine and yours, that yours are welltimed and mine are untimely but anyhow, they are all proverbs.
At this point they became aware of a harsh indistinct noise that seemed to spread through all the valleys around. Don Quixote stood up and laid his hand upon his sword, and Sancho ensconced himself under Dapple and put the bundle of armour on one side of him and the ass's packsaddle on the other, in fear and trembling as great as Don Quixote's perturbation.
The fact of the matter was that some men were taking above six hundred pigs to sell at a fair, and were on their way with them at that hour, and so great was the noise they made and their grunting and blowing, that they deafened the ears of Don Quixote and Sancho Panza, and they could not make out what it was.
The widespread grunting drove came on in a surging mass, and without showing any respect for Don Quixote's dignity or Sancho's, passed right over the pair of them, demolishing Sancho's entrenchments, and not only upsetting Don Quixote but sweeping Rocinante off his feet into the bargain and what with the trampling and the grunting, and the pace at which the unclean beasts went, packsaddle, armour, Dapple and Rocinante were left scattered on the ground and Sancho and Don Quixote at their wits' end.
Sancho got up as well as he could and begged his master to give him his sword, saying he wanted to kill half a dozen of those dirty unmannerly pigs, for he had by this time found out that that was what they were. 'Let them be, my friend, said Don Quixote 'this insult is the penalty of my sin and it is the righteous chastisement of heaven that jackals should devour a vanquished knight, and wasps sting him and pigs trample him under foot.
'I suppose it is the chastisement of heaven, too, said Sancho, 'that flies should prick the squires of vanquished knights, and lice eat them, and hunger assail them. If we squires were the sons of the knights we serve, or their very near relations, it would be no wonder if the penalty of their misdeeds overtook us, even to the fourth generation.
'Sleep thou, Sancho, returned Don Quixote, 'for thou wast born to sleep as I was born to watch and during the time it now wants of dawn I will give a loose rein to my thoughts, and seek a vent for them in a little madrigal which, unknown to thee, I composed in my head last night.
'I should think, said Sancho, 'that the thoughts that allow one to make verses cannot be of great consequence let your worship string verses as much as you like and I'll sleep as much as I can and forthwith, taking the space of ground he required, he muffled himself up and fell into a sound sleep, undisturbed by bond, debt, or trouble of any sort.
Don Quixote, propped up against the trunk of a beech or a cork treefor Cide Hamete does not specify what kind of tree it wassang in this strain to the accompaniment of his own sighs When in my mind I muse, O Love, upon thy cruelty, To death I flee, In hope therein the end of all to find.
But drawing near That welcome haven in my sea of woe, Such joy I know, That life revives, and still I linger here. Thus life doth slay, And death again to life restoreth me Strange destiny, That deals with life and death as with a play! He accompanied each verse with many sighs and not a few tears, just like one whose heart was pierced with grief at his defeat and his separation from Dulcinea.
And now daylight came, and the sun smote Sancho on the eyes with his beams. He awoke, roused himself up, shook himself and stretched his lazy limbs, and seeing the havoc the pigs had made with his stores he cursed the drove, and more besides. Then the pair resumed their journey, and as evening closed in they saw coming towards them some ten men on horseback and four or five on foot.
Don Quixote's heart beat quick and Sancho's quailed with fear, for the persons approaching them carried lances and bucklers, and were in very warlike guise. Don Quixote turned to Sancho and said, 'If I could make use of my weapons, and my promise had not tied my hands, I would count this host that comes against us but cakes and fancy bread but perhaps it may prove something different from what we apprehend.
One of those on foot, putting his finger to his lips as a sign to him to be silent, seized Rocinante's bridle and drew him out of the road, and the others driving Sancho and Dapple before them, and all maintaining a strange silence, followed in the steps of the one who led Don Quixote.
The latter two or three times attempted to ask where they were taking him to and what they wanted, but the instant he began to open his lips they threatened to close them with the points of their lances and Sancho fared the same way, for the moment he seemed about to speak one of those on foot punched him with a goad, and Dapple likewise, as if he too wanted to talk.
Night set in, they quickened their pace, and the fears of the two prisoners grew greater, especially as they heard themselves assailed with'Get on, ye Troglodytes 'Silence, ye barbarians 'March, ye cannibals 'No murmuring, ye Scythians 'Don't open your eyes, ye murderous Polyphemes, ye bloodthirsty lions, and suchlike names with which their captors harassed the ears of the wretched master and man.
Sancho went along saying to himself, 'We, tortolites, barbers, animals! I don't like those names at all 'it's in a bad wind our corn is being winnowed' 'misfortune comes upon us all at once like sticks on a dog,' and God grant it may be no worse than them that this unlucky adventure has in store for us.
Don Quixote rode completely dazed, unable with the aid of all his wits to make out what could be the meaning of these abusive names they called them, and the only conclusion he could arrive at was that there was no good to be hoped for and much evil to be feared.
And now, about an hour after midnight, they reached a castle which Don Quixote saw at once was the duke's, where they had been but a short time before. 'God bless me! said he, as he recognised the mansion, 'what does this mean? It is all courtesy and politeness in this house but with the vanquished good turns into evil, and evil into worse.
The horsemen dismounted, and, together with the men on foot, without a moment's delay taking up Sancho and Don Quixote bodily, they carried them into the court, all round which near a hundred torches fixed in sockets were burning, besides above five hundred lamps in the corridors, so that in spite of the night, which was somewhat dark, the want of daylight could not be perceived.
In the middle of the court was a catafalque, raised about two yards above the ground and covered completely by an immense canopy of black velvet, and on the steps all round it white wax tapers burned in more than a hundred silver candlesticks. Upon the catafalque was seen the dead body of a damsel so lovely that by her beauty she made death itself look beautiful.
She lay with her head resting upon a cushion of brocade and crowned with a garland of sweetsmelling flowers of divers sorts, her hands crossed upon her bosom, and between them a branch of yellow palm of victory. On one side of the court was erected a stage, where upon two chairs were seated two persons who from having crowns on their heads and sceptres in their hands appeared to be kings of some sort, whether real or mock ones.
By the side of this stage, which was reached by steps, were two other chairs on which the men carrying the prisoners seated Don Quixote and Sancho, all in silence, and by signs giving them to understand that they too were to be silent which, however, they would have been without any signs, for their amazement at all they saw held them tonguetied.
And now two persons of distinction, who were at once recognised by Don Quixote as his hosts the duke and duchess, ascended the stage attended by a numerous suite, and seated themselves on two gorgeous chairs close to the two kings, as they seemed to be. Who would not have been amazed at this?
At this moment an official crossed over, and approaching Sancho threw over him a robe of black buckram painted all over with flames of fire, and taking off his cap put upon his head a mitre such as those undergoing the sentence of the Holy Office wear and whispered in his ear that he must not open his lips, or they would put a gag upon him, or take his life.
Sancho surveyed himself from head to foot and saw himself all ablaze with flames but as they did not burn him, he did not care two farthings for them. He took off the mitre and seeing it painted with devils he put it on again, saying to himself, 'Well, so far those don't burn me nor do these carry me off.
Don Quixote surveyed him too, and though fear had got the better of his faculties, he could not help smiling to see the figure Sancho presented. And now from underneath the catafalque, so it seemed, there rose a low sweet sound of flutes, which, coming unbroken by human voice (for there silence itself kept silence), had a soft and languishing effect.
But not in life alone, methinks, to me Belongs the office Lady, when my tongue Is cold in death, believe me, unto thee My voice shall raise its tributary song. My soul, from this strait prisonhouse set free, As o'er the Stygian lake it floats along, Thy praises singing still shall hold its way, And make the waters of oblivion stay.
It would be an endless task to put before us now the death and the charms of the peerless Altisidora, not dead as the ignorant world imagines, but living in the voice of fame and in the penance which Sancho Panza, here present, has to undergo to restore her to the longlost light.
Do thou, therefore, O Rhadamanthus, who sittest in judgment with me in the murky caverns of Dis, as thou knowest all that the inscrutable fates have decreed touching the resuscitation of this damsel, announce and declare it at once, that the happiness we look forward to from her restoration be no longer deferred.
No sooner had Minos the fellow judge of Rhadamanthus said this, than Rhadamanthus rising up said 'Ho, officials of this house, high and low, great and small, make haste hither one and all, and print on Sancho's face fourandtwenty smacks, and give him twelve pinches and six pin thrusts in the back and arms for upon this ceremony depends the restoration of Altisidora.
'The old woman took kindly to the blits' they enchant Dulcinea, and whip me in order to disenchant her Altisidora dies of ailments God was pleased to send her, and to bring her to life again they must give me fourandtwenty smacks, and prick holes in my body with pins, and raise weals on my arms with pinches!
Try those jokes on a brotherinlaw 'I'm an old dog, and 'tus, tus is no use with me.' 'Thou shalt die, said Rhadamanthus in a loud voice 'relent, thou tiger humble thyself, proud Nimrod suffer and he silent, for no impossibilities are asked of thee it is not for thee to inquire into the difficulties in this matter smacked thou must be, pricked thou shalt see thyself, and with pinches thou must be made to howl.
Ho, I say, officials, obey my orders or by the word of an honest man, ye shall see what ye were born for. At this some six duennas, advancing across the court, made their appearance in procession, one after the other, four of them with spectacles, and all with their right hands uplifted, showing four fingers of wrist to make their hands look longer, as is the fashion nowadays.
No sooner had Sancho caught sight of them than, bellowing like a bull, he exclaimed, 'I might let myself be handled by all the world but allow duennas to touch menot a bit of it! Scratch my face, as my master was served in this very castle run me through the body with burnished daggers pinch my arms with redhot pincers I'll bear all in patience to serve these gentlefolk but I won't let duennas touch me, though the devil should carry me off!
Here Don Quixote, too, broke silence, saying to Sancho, 'Have patience, my son, and gratify these noble persons, and give all thanks to heaven that it has infused such virtue into thy person, that by its sufferings thou canst disenchant the enchanted and restore to life the dead. The duennas were now close to Sancho, and he, having become more tractable and reasonable, settling himself well in his chair presented his face and beard to the first, who delivered him a smack very stoutly laid on, and then made him a low curtsey.
In line, all the duennas smacked him and several others of the household pinched him but what he could not stand was being pricked by the pins and so, apparently out of patience, he started up out of his chair, and seizing a lighted torch that stood near him fell upon the duennas and the whole set of his tormentors, exclaiming, 'Begone, ye ministers of hell I'm not made of brass not to feel such outoftheway tortures.
At this instant Altisidora, who probably was tired of having been so long lying on her back, turned on her side seeing which the bystanders cried out almost with one voice, 'Altisidora is alive! Altisidora lives! Rhadamanthus bade Sancho put away his wrath, as the object they had in view was now attained.
When Don Quixote saw Altisidora move, he went on his knees to Sancho saying to him, 'Now is the time, son of my bowels, not to call thee my squire, for thee to give thyself some of those lashes thou art bound to lay on for the disenchantment of Dulcinea.
Now, I say, is the time when the virtue that is in thee is ripe, and endowed with efficacy to work the good that is looked for from thee. To which Sancho made answer, 'That's trick upon trick, I think, and not honey upon pancakes a nice thing it would be for a whipping to come now, on the top of pinches, smacks, and pinproddings!
You had better take a big stone and tie it round my neck, and pitch me into a well I should not mind it much, if I'm to be always made the cow of the wedding for the cure of other people's ailments. Leave me alone or else by God I'll fling the whole thing to the dogs, let come what may.
From this day forth, friend Sancho, count as thine six smocks of mine which I bestow upon thee, to make as many shirts for thyself, and if they are not all quite whole, at any rate they are all clean. Sancho kissed her hands in gratitude, kneeling, and with the mitre in his hand.
The duke bade them take it from him, and give him back his cap and doublet and remove the flaming robe. Sancho begged the duke to let them leave him the robe and mitre as he wanted to take them home for a token and memento of that unexampled adventure.
The duchess said they must leave them with him for he knew already what a great friend of his she was. The duke then gave orders that the court should be cleared, and that all should retire to their chambers, and that Don Quixote and Sancho should be conducted to their old quarters.
Sancho slept that night in a cot in the same chamber with Don Quixote, a thing he would have gladly excused if he could for he knew very well that with questions and answers his master would not let him sleep, and he was in no humour for talking much, as he still felt the pain of his late martyrdom, which interfered with his freedom of speech and it would have been more to his taste to sleep in a hovel alone, than in that luxurious chamber in company.
Great and mighty is the power of coldhearted scorn, for thou with thine own eyes hast seen Altisidora slain, not by arrows, nor by the sword, nor by any warlike weapon, nor by deadly poisons, but by the thought of the sternness and scorn with which I have always treated her.
'She might have died and welcome, said Sancho, 'when she pleased and how she pleased and she might have left me alone, for I never made her fall in love or scorned her. I don't know nor can I imagine how the recovery of Altisidora, a damsel more fanciful than wise, can have, as I have said before, anything to do with the sufferings of Sancho Panza.
Now I begin to see plainly and clearly that there are enchanters and enchanted people in the world and may God deliver me from them, since I can't deliver myself and so I beg of your worship to let me sleep and not ask me any more questions, unless you want me to throw myself out of the window.
'No pain came up to the insult of the smacks, said Sancho, 'for the simple reason that it was duennas, confound them, that gave them to me but once more I entreat your worship to let me sleep, for sleep is relief from misery to those who are miserable when awake.
'Be it so, and God be with thee, said Don Quixote. They fell asleep, both of them, and Cide Hamete, the author of this great history, took this opportunity to record and relate what it was that induced the duke and duchess to get up the elaborate plot that has been described.
The duke begged of him if he found him (whether he overcame him or not) to return that way and let him know the result. This the bachelor did he set out in quest of Don Quixote, and not finding him at Saragossa, he went on, and how he fared has been already told.
He returned to the duke's castle and told him all, what the conditions of the combat were, and how Don Quixote was now, like a loyal knighterrant, returning to keep his promise of retiring to his village for a year, by which time, said the bachelor, he might perhaps be cured of his madness for that was the object that had led him to adopt these disguises, as it was a sad thing for a gentleman of such good parts as Don Quixote to be a madman.
And so he took his leave of the duke, and went home to his village to wait there for Don Quixote, who was coming after him. Thereupon the duke seized the opportunity of practising this mystification upon him so much did he enjoy everything connected with Sancho and Don Quixote.
He had the roads about the castle far and near, everywhere he thought Don Quixote was likely to pass on his return, occupied by large numbers of his servants on foot and on horseback, who were to bring him to the castle, by fair means or foul, if they met him.
They did meet him, and sent word to the duke, who, having already settled what was to be done, as soon as he heard of his arrival, ordered the torches and lamps in the court to be lit and Altisidora to be placed on the catafalque with all the pomp and ceremony that has been described, the whole affair being so well arranged and acted that it differed but little from reality.
And Cide Hamete says, moreover, that for his part he considers the concocters of the joke as crazy as the victims of it, and that the duke and duchess were not two fingers' breadth removed from being something like fools themselves when they took such pains to make game of a pair of fools.
Altisidora, come back from death to life as Don Quixote fancied, following up the freak of her lord and lady, entered the chamber, crowned with the garland she had worn on the catafalque and in a robe of white taffeta embroidered with gold flowers, her hair flowing loose over her shoulders, and leaning upon a staff of fine black ebony.
Altisidora seated herself on a chair at the head of the bed, and, after a deep sigh, said to him in a feeble, soft voice, 'When women of rank and modest maidens trample honour under foot, and give a loose to the tongue that breaks through every impediment, publishing abroad the inmost secrets of their hearts, they are reduced to sore extremities.
For the last two days I have been dead, slain by the thought of the cruelty with which thou hast treated me, obdurate knight, O harder thou than marble to my plaint or at least believed to be dead by all who saw me and had it not been that Love, taking pity on me, let my recovery rest upon the sufferings of this good squire, there I should have remained in the other world.
'Love might very well have let it rest upon the sufferings of my ass, and I should have been obliged to him, said Sancho. 'But tell me, seoraand may heaven send you a tenderer lover than my masterwhat did you see in the other world? What goes on in hell?
For of course that's where one who dies in despair is bound for. 'To tell you the truth, said Altisidora, 'I cannot have died outright, for I did not go into hell had I gone in, it is very certain I should never have come out again, do what I might.
'Very likely, said Altisidora 'but there is another thing that surprises me too, I mean surprised me then, and that was that no ball outlasted the first throw or was of any use a second time and it was wonderful the constant succession there was of books, new and old.
'Look what book that is,' said one devil to another, and the other replied, 'It is the 'Second Part of the History of Don Quixote of La Mancha, not by Cide Hamete, the original author, but by an Aragonese who by his own account is of Tordesillas.' 'Out of this with it,' said the first, 'and into the depths of hell with it out of my sight.' 'Is it so bad?' said the other.
'So bad is it,' said the first, 'that if I had set myself deliberately to make a worse, I could not have done it.' They then went on with their game, knocking other books about and I, having heard them mention the name of Don Quixote whom I love and adore so, took care to retain this vision in my memory.
'A vision it must have been, no doubt, said Don Quixote, 'for there is no other I in the world this history has been going about here for some time from hand to hand, but it does not stay long in any, for everybody gives it a taste of his foot.
I am not disturbed by hearing that I am wandering in a fantastic shape in the darkness of the pit or in the daylight above, for I am not the one that history treats of. If it should be good, faithful, and true, it will have ages of life but if it should be bad, from its birth to its burial will not be a very long journey.
Altisidora was about to proceed with her complaint against Don Quixote, when he said to her, 'I have several times told you, seora, that it grieves me you should have set your affections upon me, as from mine they can only receive gratitude, but no return. I was born to belong to Dulcinea del Toboso, and the fates, if there are any, dedicated me to her and to suppose that any other beauty can take the place she occupies in my heart is to suppose an impossibility.
This frank declaration should suffice to make you retire within the bounds of your modesty, for no one can bind himself to do impossibilities. Hearing this, Altisidora, with a show of anger and agitation, exclaimed, 'God's life! Don Stockfish, soul of a mortar, stone of a date, more obstinate and obdurate than a clown asked a favour when he has his mind made up, if I fall upon you I'll tear your eyes out!
Do you fancy, Don Vanquished, Don Cudgelled, that I died for your sake? All that you have seen tonight has been makebelieve I'm not the woman to let the black of my nail suffer for such a camel, much less die! 'That I can well believe, said Sancho 'for all that about lovers pining to death is absurd they may talk of it, but as for doing itJudas may believe that!
While they were talking, the musician, singer, and poet, who had sung the two stanzas given above came in, and making a profound obeisance to Don Quixote said, 'Will your worship, sir knight, reckon and retain me in the number of your most faithful servants, for I have long been a great admirer of yours, as well because of your fame as because of your achievements?
'Will your worship tell me who you are, replied Don Quixote, 'so that my courtesy may be answerable to your deserts? The young man replied that he was the musician and songster of the night before. 'Of a truth, said Don Quixote, 'your worship has a most excellent voice but what you sang did not seem to me very much to the purpose for what have Garcilasso's stanzas to do with the death of this lady?
'Don't be surprised at that, returned the musician 'for with the callow poets of our day the way is for every one to write as he pleases and pilfer where he chooses, whether it be germane to the matter or not, and nowadays there is no piece of silliness they can sing or write that is not set down to poetic licence.
Don Quixote was about to reply, but was prevented by the duke and duchess, who came in to see him, and with them there followed a long and delightful conversation, in the course of which Sancho said so many droll and saucy things that he left the duke and duchess wondering not only at his simplicity but at his sharpness.
Don Quixote begged their permission to take his departure that same day, inasmuch as for a vanquished knight like himself it was fitter he should live in a pigsty than in a royal palace. They gave it very readily, and the duchess asked him if Altisidora was in his good graces.
She herself has told me that lace is worn in hell and as she must know how to make it, let it never be out of her hands for when she is occupied in shifting the bobbins to and fro, the image or images of what she loves will not shift to and fro in her thoughts this is the truth, this is my opinion, and this is my advice.
'And mine, added Sancho 'for I never in all my life saw a lacemaker that died for love when damsels are at work their minds are more set on finishing their tasks than on thinking of their loves. I speak from my own experience for when I'm digging I never think of my old woman I mean my Teresa Panza, whom I love better than my own eyelids.
'There is no occasion to have recourse to that remedy, seora, said Altisidora 'for the mere thought of the cruelty with which this vagabond villain has treated me will suffice to blot him out of my memory without any other device with your highness's leave I will retire, not to have before my eyes, I won't say his rueful countenance, but his abominable, ugly looks.
'That reminds me of the common saying, that 'he that rails is ready to forgive,' said the duke. Altisidora then, pretending to wipe away her tears with a handkerchief, made an obeisance to her master and mistress and quitted the room. 'Ill luck betide thee, poor damsel, said Sancho, 'ill luck betide thee!
Thou hast fallen in with a soul as dry as a rush and a heart as hard as oak had it been me, i'faith 'another cock would have crowed to thee.' So the conversation came to an end, and Don Quixote dressed himself and dined with the duke and duchess, and set out the same evening.
The vanquished and afflicted Don Quixote went along very downcast in one respect and very happy in another. His sadness arose from his defeat, and his satisfaction from the thought of the virtue that lay in Sancho, as had been proved by the resurrection of Altisidora though it was with difficulty he could persuade himself that the lovesmitten damsel had been really dead.
Well, I swear by all that's good if they put another patient into my hands, they'll have to grease them for me before I cure him for, as they say, 'it's by his singing the abbot gets his dinner,' and I'm not going to believe that heaven has bestowed upon me the virtue I have, that I should be dealing it out to others all for nothing.
'Thou art right, Sancho my friend, said Don Quixote, 'and Altisidora has behaved very badly in not giving thee the smocks she promised and although that virtue of thine is gratis dataas it has cost thee no study whatever, any more than such study as thy personal sufferings may beI can say for myself that if thou wouldst have payment for the lashes on account of the disenchant of Dulcinea, I would have given it to thee freely ere this.
I am not sure, however, whether payment will comport with the cure, and I would not have the reward interfere with the medicine. I think there will be nothing lost by trying it consider how much thou wouldst have, Sancho, and whip thyself at once, and pay thyself down with thine own hand, as thou hast money of mine.
At this proposal Sancho opened his eyes and his ears a palm's breadth wide, and in his heart very readily acquiesced in whipping himself, and said he to his master, 'Very well then, seor, I'll hold myself in readiness to gratify your worship's wishes if I'm to profit by it for the love of my wife and children forces me to seem grasping.
Let your worship say how much you will pay me for each lash I give myself. 'If Sancho, replied Don Quixote, 'I were to requite thee as the importance and nature of the cure deserves, the treasures of Venice, the mines of Potosi, would be insufficient to pay thee. See what thou hast of mine, and put a price on each lash.
These I will stop out of what I have belonging to your worship, and I'll return home rich and content, though well whipped, for 'there's no taking trout'but I say no more. 'O blessed Sancho! O dear Sancho! said Don Quixote 'how we shall be bound to serve thee, Dulcinea and I, all the days of our lives that heaven may grant us!
If she returns to her lost shape (and it cannot be but that she will) her misfortune will have been good fortune, and my defeat a most happy triumph. But look here, Sancho when wilt thou begin the scourging? For if thou wilt make short work of it, I will give thee a hundred reals over and above.
Night, longed for by Don Quixote with the greatest anxiety in the world, came at last, though it seemed to him that the wheels of Apollo's car had broken down, and that the day was drawing itself out longer than usual, just as is the case with lovers, who never make the reckoning of their desires agree with time.
They made their way at length in among some pleasant trees that stood a little distance from the road, and there vacating Rocinante's saddle and Dapple's packsaddle, they stretched themselves on the green grass and made their supper off Sancho's stores, and he making a powerful and flexible whip out of Dapple's halter and headstall retreated about twenty paces from his master among some beech trees.
May heaven help thee as thy good intention deserves. ''Pledges don't distress a good payer,' said Sancho 'I mean to lay on in such a way as without killing myself to hurt myself, for in that, no doubt, lies the essence of this miracle. He then stripped himself from the waist upwards, and snatching up the rope he began to lay on and Don Quixote to count the lashes.
He might have given himself six or eight when he began to think the joke no trifle, and its price very low and holding his hand for a moment, he told his master that he cried off on the score of a blind bargain, for each of those lashes ought to be paid for at the rate of half a real instead of a quarter.
'Go on, Sancho my friend, and be not disheartened, said Don Quixote 'for I double the stakes as to price. 'In that case, said Sancho, 'in God's hand be it, and let it rain lashes. But the rogue no longer laid them on his shoulders, but laid on to the trees, with such groans every now and then, that one would have thought at each of them his soul was being plucked up by the roots.
Sancho returned to his task with so much resolution that he soon had the bark stripped off several trees, such was the severity with which he whipped himself and one time, raising his voice, and giving a beech a tremendous lash, he cried out, 'Here dies Samson, and all with him!
'As your worship will have it so, seor, said Sancho, 'so be it but throw your cloak over my shoulders, for I'm sweating and I don't want to take cold it's a risk that novice disciplinants run. Don Quixote obeyed, and stripping himself covered Sancho, who slept until the sun woke him they then resumed their journey, which for the time being they brought to an end at a village that lay three leagues farther on.
They dismounted at a hostelry which Don Quixote recognised as such and did not take to be a castle with moat, turrets, portcullis, and drawbridge for ever since he had been vanquished he talked more rationally about everything, as will be shown presently. They quartered him in a room on the ground floor, where in place of leather hangings there were pieces of painted serge such as they commonly use in villages.
On one of them was painted by some very poor hand the Rape of Helen, when the bold guest carried her off from Menelaus, and on the other was the story of Dido and neas, she on a high tower, as though she were making signals with a half sheet to her fugitive guest who was out at sea flying in a frigate or brigantine.
He noticed in the two stories that Helen did not go very reluctantly, for she was laughing slyly and roguishly but the fair Dido was shown dropping tears the size of walnuts from her eyes. Don Quixote as he looked at them observed, 'Those two ladies were very unfortunate not to have been born in this age, and I unfortunate above all men not to have been born in theirs.
Had I fallen in with those gentlemen, Troy would not have been burned or Carthage destroyed, for it would have been only for me to slay Paris, and all these misfortunes would have been avoided. 'I'll lay a bet, said Sancho, 'that before long there won't be a tavern, roadside inn, hostelry, or barber's shop where the story of our doings won't be painted up but I'd like it painted by the hand of a better painter than painted these.
'Thou art right, Sancho, said Don Quixote, 'for this painter is like Orbaneja, a painter there was at beda, who when they asked him what he was painting, used to say, 'Whatever it may turn out and if he chanced to paint a cock he would write under it, 'This is a cock,' for fear they might think it was a fox.
The painter or writer, for it's all the same, who published the history of this new Don Quixote that has come out, must have been one of this sort I think, Sancho, for he painted or wrote 'whatever it might turn out' or perhaps he is like a poet called Mauleon that was about the Court some years ago, who used to answer at haphazard whatever he was asked, and on one asking him what Deum de Deo meant, he replied D donde diere.
'Egad, seor, said Sancho, 'for what I'm going to give myself, it comes all the same to me whether it is in a house or in the fields still I'd like it to be among trees for I think they are company for me and help me to bear my pain wonderfully.
Sancho said he might do as he pleased but that for his own part he would like to finish off the business quickly before his blood cooled and while he had an appetite, because 'in delay there is apt to be danger very often, and 'praying to God and plying the hammer, and 'one take was better than two I'll give thee's, and 'a sparrow in the hand than a vulture on the wing.
'For God's sake, Sancho, no more proverbs! exclaimed Don Quixote 'it seems to me thou art becoming sicut erat again speak in a plain, simple, straightforward way, as I have often told thee, and thou wilt find the good of it. 'I don't know what bad luck it is of mine, said Sancho, 'but I can't utter a word without a proverb that is not as good as an argument to my mind however, I mean to mend if I can and so for the present the conversation ended.
All that day Don Quixote and Sancho remained in the village and inn waiting for night, the one to finish off his task of scourging in the open country, the other to see it accomplished, for therein lay the accomplishment of his wishes. Meanwhile there arrived at the hostelry a traveller on horseback with three or four servants, one of whom said to him who appeared to be the master, 'Here, Seor Don lvaro Tarfe, your worship may take your siesta today the quarters seem clean and cool.
When he heard this Don Quixote said to Sancho, 'Look here, Sancho on turning over the leaves of that book of the Second Part of my history I think I came casually upon this name of Don lvaro Tarfe. 'Very likely, said Sancho 'we had better let him dismount, and byandby we can ask about it.
The gentleman dismounted, and the landlady gave him a room on the ground floor opposite Don Quixote's and adorned with painted serge hangings of the same sort. The newly arrived gentleman put on a summer coat, and coming out to the gateway of the hostelry, which was wide and cool, addressing Don Quixote, who was pacing up and down there, he asked, 'In what direction is your worship bound, gentle sir?
'To a village near this which is my own village, replied Don Quixote 'and your worship, where are you bound for? 'I am going to Granada, seor, said the gentleman, 'to my own country. 'And a goodly country, said Don Quixote 'but will your worship do me the favour of telling me your name, for it strikes me it is of more importance to me to know it than I can tell you.
'My name is Don lvaro Tarfe, replied the traveller. To which Don Quixote returned, 'I have no doubt whatever that your worship is that Don lvaro Tarfe who appears in print in the Second Part of the history of Don Quixote of La Mancha, lately printed and published by a new author.
'I am the same, replied the gentleman 'and that same Don Quixote, the principal personage in the said history, was a very great friend of mine, and it was I who took him away from home, or at least induced him to come to some jousts that were to be held at Saragossa, whither I was going myself indeed, I showed him many kindnesses, and saved him from having his shoulders touched up by the executioner because of his extreme rashness.
'Tell me, Seor Don lvaro, said Don Quixote, 'am I at all like that Don Quixote you talk of? 'No indeed, replied the traveller, 'not a bit. 'And that Don Quixote said our one, 'had he with him a squire called Sancho Panza? 'He had, said Don lvaro 'but though he had the name of being very droll, I never heard him say anything that had any drollery in it.
And the real Don Quixote of La Mancha, the famous, the valiant, the wise, the lover, the righter of wrongs, the guardian of minors and orphans, the protector of widows, the killer of damsels, he who has for his sole mistress the peerless Dulcinea del Toboso, is this gentleman before you, my master all other Don Quixotes and all other Sancho Panzas are dreams and mockeries.
'By God I believe it, said Don lvaro 'for you have uttered more drolleries, my friend, in the few words you have spoken than the other Sancho Panza in all I ever heard from him, and they were not a few. He was more greedy than wellspoken, and more dull than droll and I am convinced that the enchanters who persecute Don Quixote the Good have been trying to persecute me with Don Quixote the Bad.
And though the adventures that befell me there are not by any means matters of enjoyment, but rather of regret, I do not regret them, simply because I have seen it. In a word, Seor Don lvaro Tarfe, I am Don Quixote of La Mancha, the one that fame speaks of, and not the unlucky one that has attempted to usurp my name and deck himself out in my ideas.
I entreat your worship by your devoir as a gentleman to be so good as to make a declaration before the alcalde of this village that you never in all your life saw me until now, and that neither am I the Don Quixote in print in the Second Part, nor this Sancho Panza, my squire, the one your worship knew.
'That I will do most willingly, replied Don lvaro 'though it amazes me to find two Don Quixotes and two Sancho Panzas at once, as much alike in name as they differ in demeanour and again I say and declare that what I saw I cannot have seen, and that what happened me cannot have happened.
'No doubt your worship is enchanted, like my lady Dulcinea del Toboso, said Sancho 'and would to heaven your disenchantment rested on my giving myself another three thousand and odd lashes like what I'm giving myself for her, for I'd lay them on without looking for anything. 'I don't understand that about the lashes, said Don lvaro.
The alcalde of the village came by chance into the inn together with a notary, and Don Quixote laid a petition before him, showing that it was requisite for his rights that Don lvaro Tarfe, the gentleman there present, should make a declaration before him that he did not know Don Quixote of La Mancha, also there present, and that he was not the one that was in print in a history entitled 'Second Part of Don Quixote of La Mancha, by one Avellaneda of Tordesillas.
The alcalde finally put it in legal form, and the declaration was made with all the formalities required in such cases, at which Don Quixote and Sancho were in high delight, as if a declaration of the sort was of any great importance to them, and as if their words and deeds did not plainly show the difference between the two Don Quixotes and the two Sanchos.
Many civilities and offers of service were exchanged by Don lvaro and Don Quixote, in the course of which the great Manchegan displayed such good taste that he disabused Don lvaro of the error he was under and he, on his part, felt convinced he must have been enchanted, now that he had been brought in contact with two such opposite Don Quixotes.
Evening came, they set out from the village, and after about half a league two roads branched off, one leading to Don Quixote's village, the other the road Don lvaro was to follow. In this short interval Don Quixote told him of his unfortunate defeat, and of Dulcinea's enchantment and the remedy, all which threw Don lvaro into fresh amazement, and embracing Don Quixote and Sancho, he went his way, and Don Quixote went his.
That night he passed among trees again in order to give Sancho an opportunity of working out his penance, which he did in the same fashion as the night before, at the expense of the bark of the beech trees much more than of his back, of which he took such good care that the lashes would not have knocked off a fly had there been one there.
The duped Don Quixote did not miss a single stroke of the count, and he found that together with those of the night before they made up three thousand and twentynine. The sun apparently had got up early to witness the sacrifice, and with his light they resumed their journey, discussing the deception practised on Don lvaro, and saying how well done it was to have taken his declaration before a magistrate in such an unimpeachable form.
He watched for daylight, to see if along the road he should fall in with his already disenchanted lady Dulcinea and as he pursued his journey there was no woman he met that he did not go up to, to see if she was Dulcinea del Toboso, as he held it absolutely certain that Merlin's promises could not lie.
Full of these thoughts and anxieties, they ascended a rising ground wherefrom they descried their own village, at the sight of which Sancho fell on his knees exclaiming, 'Open thine eyes, longedfor home, and see how thy son Sancho Panza comes back to thee, if not very rich, very well whipped!
Open thine arms and receive, too, thy son Don Quixote, who, if he comes vanquished by the arm of another, comes victor over himself, which, as he himself has told me, is the greatest victory anyone can desire. I'm bringing back money, for if I was well whipped, I went mounted like a gentleman.
'Have done with these fooleries, said Don Quixote 'let us push on straight and get to our own place, where we will give free range to our fancies, and settle our plans for our future pastoral life. With this they descended the slope and directed their steps to their village.
At the entrance of the village, so says Cide Hamete, Don Quixote saw two boys quarrelling on the village threshingfloor, one of whom said to the other, 'Take it easy, Periquillo thou shalt never see it again as long as thou livest. Don Quixote heard this, and said he to Sancho, 'Dost thou not mark, friend, what that boy said, 'Thou shalt never see it again as long as thou livest'?
'Well, said Sancho, 'what does it matter if the boy said so? 'What! said Don Quixote, 'dost thou not see that, applied to the object of my desires, the words mean that I am never to see Dulcinea more? Sancho was about to answer, when his attention was diverted by seeing a hare come flying across the plain pursued by several greyhounds and sportsmen.
'Your worship's a strange man, said Sancho 'let's take it for granted that this hare is Dulcinea, and these greyhounds chasing it the malignant enchanters who turned her into a country wench she flies, and I catch her and put her into your worship's hands, and you hold her in your arms and cherish her what bad sign is that, or what ill omen is there to be found here?
The two boys who had been quarrelling came over to look at the hare, and Sancho asked one of them what their quarrel was about. He was answered by the one who had said, 'Thou shalt never see it again as long as thou livest, that he had taken a cage full of crickets from the other boy, and did not mean to give it back to him as long as he lived.
there are the omens broken and destroyed, and they have no more to do with our affairs, to my thinking, fool as I am, than with last year's clouds and if I remember rightly I have heard the curate of our village say that it does not become Christians or sensible people to give any heed to these silly things and even you yourself said the same to me some time ago, telling me that all Christians who minded omens were fools but there's no need of making words about it let us push on and go into our village.
The sportsmen came up and asked for their hare, which Don Quixote gave them. They then went on, and upon the green at the entrance of the town they came upon the curate and the bachelor Samson Carrasco busy with their breviaries. It should be mentioned that Sancho had thrown, by way of a sumptercloth, over Dapple and over the bundle of armour, the buckram robe painted with flames which they had put upon him at the duke's castle the night Altisidora came back to life.
Don Quixote dismounted and received them with a close embrace and the boys, who are lynxes that nothing escapes, spied out the ass's mitre and came running to see it, calling out to one another, 'Come here, boys, and see Sancho Panza's ass figged out finer than Mingo, and Don Quixote's beast leaner than ever.
So at length, with the boys capering round them, and accompanied by the curate and the bachelor, they made their entrance into the town, and proceeded to Don Quixote's house, at the door of which they found his housekeeper and niece, whom the news of his arrival had already reached.
It had been brought to Teresa Panza, Sancho's wife, as well, and she with her hair all loose and half naked, dragging Sanchica her daughter by the hand, ran out to meet her husband but seeing him coming in by no means as good case as she thought a governor ought to be, she said to him, 'How is it you come this way, husband?
It seems to me you come tramping and footsore, and looking more like a disorderly vagabond than a governor. 'Hold your tongue, Teresa, said Sancho 'often 'where there are pegs there are no flitches' let's go into the house and there you'll hear strange things. I bring money, and that's the main thing, got by my own industry without wronging anybody.
Sanchica embraced her father and asked him if he brought her anything, for she had been looking out for him as for the showers of May and she taking hold of him by the girdle on one side, and his wife by the hand, while the daughter led Dapple, they made for their house, leaving Don Quixote in his, in the hands of his niece and housekeeper, and in the company of the curate and the bachelor.
Both were astounded at Don Quixote's new craze however, lest he should once more make off out of the village from them in pursuit of his chivalry, they trusting that in the course of the year he might be cured, fell in with his new project, applauded his crazy idea as a bright one, and offered to share the life with him.
But what is most needful, sirs, is that each of us should choose the name of the shepherdess he means to glorify in his verses, and that we should not leave a tree, be it ever so hard, without writing up and carving her name on it, as is the habit and custom of lovesmitten shepherds.
'That's the very thing, said Don Quixote 'though I am relieved from looking for the name of an imaginary shepherdess, for there's the peerless Dulcinea del Toboso, the glory of these brooksides, the ornament of these meadows, the mainstay of beauty, the cream of all the graces, and, in a word, the being to whom all praise is appropriate, be it ever so hyperbolical.
'And, added Samson Carrasco, 'if they fail us, we can call them by the names of the ones in print that the world is filled with, Flidas, Amarilises, Dianas, Fleridas, Galateas, Belisardas for as they sell them in the marketplaces we may fairly buy them and make them our own.
If my lady, or I should say my shepherdess, happens to be called Ana, I'll sing her praises under the name of Anarda, and if Francisca, I'll call her Francenia, and if Lucia, Lucinda, for it all comes to the same thing and Sancho Panza, if he joins this fraternity, may glorify his wife Teresa Panza as Teresaina.
Don Quixote laughed at the adaptation of the name, and the curate bestowed vast praise upon the worthy and honourable resolution he had made, and again offered to bear him company all the time that he could spare from his imperative duties. And so they took their leave of him, recommending and beseeching him to take care of his health and treat himself to a suitable diet.
It so happened his niece and the housekeeper overheard all the three of them said and as soon as they were gone they both of them came in to Don Quixote, and said the niece, 'What's this, uncle? Now that we were thinking you had come back to stay at home and lead a quiet respectable life there, are you going to get into fresh entanglements, and turn 'young shepherd, thou that comest here, young shepherd going there?' Nay!
indeed 'the straw is too hard now to make pipes of.' 'And, added the housekeeper, 'will your worship be able to bear, out in the fields, the heats of summer, and the chills of winter, and the howling of the wolves? Not you for that's a life and a business for hardy men, bred and seasoned to such work almost from the time they were in swaddlingclothes.
Look here, seor take my adviceand I'm not giving it to you full of bread and wine, but fasting, and with fifty years upon my headstay at home, look after your affairs, go often to confession, be good to the poor, and upon my soul be it if any evil comes to you.
'Hold your peace, my daughters, said Don Quixote 'I know very well what my duty is help me to bed, for I don't feel very well and rest assured that, knighterrant now or wandering shepherd to be, I shall never fail to have a care for your interests, as you will see in the end.
As nothing that is man's can last for ever, but all tends ever downwards from its beginning to its end, and above all man's life, and as Don Quixote's enjoyed no special dispensation from heaven to stay its course, its end and close came when he least looked for it.
Forwhether it was of the dejection the thought of his defeat produced, or of heaven's will that so ordered ita fever settled upon him and kept him in his bed for six days, during which he was often visited by his friends the curate, the bachelor, and the barber, while his good squire Sancho Panza never quitted his bedside.
But for all this Don Quixote could not shake off his sadness. His friends called in the doctor, who felt his pulse and was not very well satisfied with it, and said that in any case it would be well for him to attend to the health of his soul, as that of his body was in a bad way.
Don Quixote heard this calmly but not so his housekeeper, his niece, and his squire, who fell weeping bitterly, as if they had him lying dead before them. The doctor's opinion was that melancholy and depression were bringing him to his end. Don Quixote begged them to leave him to himself, as he had a wish to sleep a little.
They obeyed, and he slept at one stretch, as the saying is, more than six hours, so that the housekeeper and niece thought he was going to sleep for ever. But at the end of that time he woke up, and in a loud voice exclaimed, 'Blessed be Almighty God, who has shown me such goodness.
In truth his mercies are boundless, and the sins of men can neither limit them nor keep them back! The niece listened with attention to her uncle's words, and they struck her as more coherent than what usually fell from him, at least during his illness, so she asked, 'What are you saying, seor?
Has anything strange occurred? What mercies or what sins of men are you talking of? 'The mercies, niece, said Don Quixote, 'are those that God has this moment shown me, and with him, as I said, my sins are no impediment to them. My reason is now free and clear, rid of the dark shadows of ignorance that my unhappy constant study of those detestable books of chivalry cast over it.
Niece, I feel myself at the point of death, and I would fain meet it in such a way as to show that my life has not been so ill that I should leave behind me the name of a madman for though I have been one, I would not that the fact should be made plainer at my death.
Call in to me, my dear, my good friends the curate, the bachelor Samson Carrasco, and Master Nicholas the barber, for I wish to confess and make my will. But his niece was saved the trouble by the entrance of the three. The instant Don Quixote saw them he exclaimed, 'Good news for you, good sirs, that I am no longer Don Quixote of La Mancha, but Alonso Quixano, whose way of life won for him the name of Good.
Now am I the enemy of Amadis of Gaul and of the whole countless troop of his descendants odious to me now are all the profane stories of knighterrantry now I perceive my folly, and the peril into which reading them brought me now, by God's mercy schooled into my right senses, I loathe them.
When the three heard him speak in this way, they had no doubt whatever that some new craze had taken possession of him and said Samson, 'What? Seor Don Quixote! Now that we have intelligence of the lady Dulcinea being disenchanted, are you taking this line now, just as we are on the point of becoming shepherds, to pass our lives singing, like princes, are you thinking of turning hermit?
I feel, sirs, that I am rapidly drawing near death a truce to jesting let me have a confessor to confess me, and a notary to make my will for in extremities like this, man must not trifle with his soul and while the curate is confessing me let someone, I beg, go for the notary.
They looked at one another, wondering at Don Quixote's words but, though uncertain, they were inclined to believe him, and one of the signs by which they came to the conclusion he was dying was this so sudden and complete return to his senses after having been mad for to the words already quoted he added much more, so well expressed, so devout, and so rational, as to banish all doubt and convince them that he was sound of mind.
The curate turned them all out, and left alone with him confessed him. The bachelor went for the notary and returned shortly afterwards with him and with Sancho, who, having already learned from the bachelor the condition his master was in, and finding the housekeeper and niece weeping, began to blubber and shed tears.
This news gave a tremendous impulse to the brimming eyes of the housekeeper, niece, and Sancho Panza his good squire, making the tears burst from their eyes and a host of sighs from their hearts for of a truth, as has been said more than once, whether as plain Alonso Quixano the Good, or as Don Quixote of La Mancha, Don Quixote was always of a gentle disposition and kindly in all his ways, and hence he was beloved, not only by those of his own house, but by all who knew him.
And then, turning to Sancho, he said, 'Forgive me, my friend, that I led thee to seem as mad as myself, making thee fall into the same error I myself fell into, that there were and still are knightserrant in the world. 'Ah! said Sancho weeping, 'don't die, master, but take my advice and live many years for the foolishest thing a man can do in this life is to let himself die without rhyme or reason, without anybody killing him, or any hands but melancholy's making an end of him.
If it be that you are dying of vexation at having been vanquished, lay the blame on me, and say you were overthrown because I had girthed Rocinante badly besides you must have seen in your books of chivalry that it is a common thing for knights to upset one another, and for him who is conquered today to be conqueror tomorrow.
'Sirs, not so fast, said Don Quixote, ''in last year's nests there are no birds this year.' I was mad, now I am in my senses I was Don Quixote of La Mancha, I am now, as I said, Alonso Quixano the Good and may my repentance and sincerity restore me to the esteem you used to have for me and now let Master Notary proceed.
'Item, I leave all my property absolutely to Antonia Quixana my niece, here present, after all has been deducted from the most available portion of it that may be required to satisfy the bequests I have made. And the first disbursement I desire to be made is the payment of the wages I owe for the time my housekeeper has served me, with twenty ducats, over and above, for a gown.
'Item, it is my wish that if Antonia Quixana, my niece, desires to marry, she shall marry a man of whom it shall be first of all ascertained by information taken that he does not know what books of chivalry are and if it should be proved that he does, and if, in spite of this, my niece insists upon marrying him, and does marry him, then that she shall forfeit the whole of what I have left her, which my executors shall devote to works of charity as they please.
With this he closed his will, and a faintness coming over him he stretched himself out at full length on the bed. All were in a flutter and made haste to relieve him, and during the three days he lived after that on which he made his will he fainted away very often.
The house was all in confusion but still the niece ate and the housekeeper drank and Sancho Panza enjoyed himself for inheriting property wipes out or softens down in the heir the feeling of grief the dead man might be expected to leave behind him. At last Don Quixote's end came, after he had received all the sacraments, and had in full and forcible terms expressed his detestation of books of chivalry.
The notary was there at the time, and he said that in no book of chivalry had he ever read of any knighterrant dying in his bed so calmly and so like a Christian as Don Quixote, who amid the tears and lamentations of all present yielded up his spirit, that is to say died.
On perceiving it the curate begged the notary to bear witness that Alonso Quixano the Good, commonly called Don Quixote of La Mancha, had passed away from this present life, and died naturally and said he desired this testimony in order to remove the possibility of any other author save Cide Hamete Benengeli bringing him to life again falsely and making interminable stories out of his achievements.
Such was the end of the Ingenious Gentleman of La Mancha, whose village Cide Hamete would not indicate precisely, in order to leave all the towns and villages of La Mancha to contend among themselves for the right to adopt him and claim him as a son, as the seven cities of Greece contended for Homer.
The lamentations of Sancho and the niece and housekeeper are omitted here, as well as the new epitaphs upon his tomb Samson Carrasco, however, put the following lines A doughty gentleman lies here A stranger all his life to fear Nor in his death could Death prevail, In that last hour, to make him quail.
And said most sage Cide Hamete to his pen, 'Rest here, hung up by this brass wire, upon this shelf, O my pen, whether of skilful make or clumsy cut I know not here shalt thou remain long ages hence, unless presumptuous or malignant storytellers take thee down to profane thee.
And I shall remain satisfied, and proud to have been the first who has ever enjoyed the fruit of his writings as fully as he could desire for my desire has been no other than to deliver over to the detestation of mankind the false and foolish tales of the books of chivalry, which, thanks to that of my true Don Quixote, are even now tottering, and doubtless doomed to fall for ever.
