The following is a reprint of the Helen Zimmern translation from German into English of 'Beyond Good and Evil,' as published in The Complete Works of Friedrich Nietzsche (). Some adaptations from the original text were made to format it into an etext. Italics in the original book are capitalized in this etext, except for most foreign language phrases that were italicized.
Original footnotes are put in brackets   at the points where they are cited in the text. Some spellings were altered. 'Today' and 'Tomorrow' are spelled 'today' and 'tomorrow.' Some words containing the letters 'ise' in the original text, such as 'idealise,' had these letters changed to 'ize,' such as 'idealize.' 'Sceptic' was changed to 'skeptic.' PREFACE FROM THE HEIGHTS SUPPOSING that Truth is a womanwhat then?
Is there not ground for suspecting that all philosophers, in so far as they have been dogmatists, have failed to understand womenthat the terrible seriousness and clumsy importunity with which they have usually paid their addresses to Truth, have been unskilled and unseemly methods for winning a woman? Certainly she has never allowed herself to be won and at present every kind of dogma stands with sad and discouraged mienIF, indeed, it stands at all!
The philosophy of the dogmatists, it is to be hoped, was only a promise for thousands of years afterwards, as was astrology in still earlier times, in the service of which probably more labour, gold, acuteness, and patience have been spent than on any actual science hitherto we owe to it, and to its 'superterrestrial' pretensions in Asia and Egypt, the grand style of architecture.
It seems that in order to inscribe themselves upon the heart of humanity with everlasting claims, all great things have first to wander about the earth as enormous and aweinspiring caricatures dogmatic philosophy has been a caricature of this kindfor instance, the Vedanta doctrine in Asia, and Platonism in Europe.
Let us not be ungrateful to it, although it must certainly be confessed that the worst, the most tiresome, and the most dangerous of errors hitherto has been a dogmatist errornamely, Plato's invention of Pure Spirit and the Good in Itself. But now when it has been surmounted, when Europe, rid of this nightmare, can again draw breath freely and at least enjoy a healthiersleep, we, WHOSE DUTY IS WAKEFULNESS ITSELF, are the heirs of all the strength which the struggle against this error has fostered.
It amounted to the very inversion of truth, and the denial of the PERSPECTIVEthe fundamental conditionof life, to speak of Spirit and the Good as Plato spoke of them indeed one might ask, as a physician 'How did such a malady attack that finest product of antiquity, Plato? Had the wicked Socrates really corrupted him?
Was Socrates after all a corrupter of youths, and deserved his hemlock?' But the struggle against Plato, orto speak plainer, and for the 'people'the struggle against the ecclesiastical oppression of millenniums of Christianity (FOR CHRISTIANITY IS PLATONISM FOR THE 'PEOPLE'), produced in Europe a magnificent tension of soul, such as had not existed anywhere previously with such a tensely strained bow one can now aim at the furthest goals.
As a matter of fact, the European feels this tension as a state of distress, and twice attempts have been made in grand style to unbend the bow once by means of Jesuitism, and the second time by means of democratic enlightenmentwhich, with the aid of liberty of the press and newspaperreading, might, in fact, bring it about that the spirit would not so easily find itself in 'distress'!
(The Germans invented gunpowderall credit to them! but they again made things squarethey invented printing.) But we, who are neither Jesuits, nor democrats, nor even sufficiently Germans, we GOOD EUROPEANS, and free, VERY free spiritswe have it still, all the distress of spirit and all the tension of its bow!
And perhaps also the arrow, the duty, and, who knows? THE GOAL TO AIM AT.... Sils Maria Upper Engadine, JUNE, . . The Will to Truth, which is to tempt us to many a hazardous enterprise, the famous Truthfulness of which all philosophers have hitherto spoken with respect, what questions has this Will to Truth not laid before us!
What strange, perplexing, questionable questions! It is already a long story yet it seems as if it were hardly commenced. Is it any wonder if we at last grow distrustful, lose patience, and turn impatiently away? That this Sphinx teaches us at last to ask questions ourselves? WHO is it really that puts questions to us here?
WHAT really is this 'Will to Truth' in us? In fact we made a long halt at the question as to the origin of this Willuntil at last we came to an absolute standstill before a yet more fundamental question. We inquired about the VALUE of this Will. Granted that we want the truth WHY NOT RATHER untruth?
And uncertainty? Even ignorance? The problem of the value of truth presented itself before usor was it we who presented ourselves before the problem? Which of us is the Oedipus here? Which the Sphinx? It would seem to be a rendezvous of questions and notes of interrogation. And could it be believed that it at last seems to us as if the problem had never been propounded before, as if we were the first to discern it, get a sight of it, and RISK RAISING it?
For there is risk in raising it, perhaps there is no greater risk. . 'HOW COULD anything originate out of its opposite? For example, truth out of error? or the Will to Truth out of the will to deception? or the generous deed out of selfishness? or the pure sunbright vision of the wise man out of covetousness?
But rather in the lap of Being, in the intransitory, in the concealed God, in the 'ThinginitselfTHERE must be their source, and nowhere else!'This mode of reasoning discloses the typical prejudice by which metaphysicians of all times can be recognized, this mode of valuation is at the back of all their logical procedure through this 'belief' of theirs, they exert themselves for their 'knowledge,' for something that is in the end solemnly christened 'the Truth.' The fundamental belief of metaphysicians is THE BELIEF IN ANTITHESES OF VALUES.
It never occurred even to the wariest of them to doubt here on the very threshold (where doubt, however, was most necessary) though they had made a solemn vow, 'DE OMNIBUS DUBITANDUM.' For it may be doubted, firstly, whether antitheses exist at all and secondly, whether the popular valuations and antitheses of value upon which metaphysicians have set their seal, are not perhaps merely superficial estimates, merely provisional perspectives, besides being probably made from some corner, perhaps from below'frog perspectives,' as it were, to borrow an expression current among painters.
In spite of all the value which may belong to the true, the positive, and the unselfish, it might be possible that a higher and more fundamental value for life generally should be assigned to pretence, to the will to delusion, to selfishness, and cupidity. It might even be possible that WHAT constitutes the value of those good and respected things, consists precisely in their being insidiously related, knotted, and crocheted to these evil and apparently opposed thingsperhaps even in being essentially identical with them.
Perhaps! But who wishes to concern himself with such dangerous 'Perhapses'! For that investigation one must await the advent of a new order of philosophers, such as will have other tastes and inclinations, the reverse of those hitherto prevalentphilosophers of the dangerous 'Perhaps' in every sense of the term. And to speak in all seriousness, I see such new philosophers beginning to appear.
And behind all logic and its seeming sovereignty of movement, there are valuations, or to speak more plainly, physiological demands, for the maintenance of a definite mode of life For example, that the certain is worth more than the uncertain, that illusion is less valuable than 'truth' such valuations, in spite of their regulative importance for US, might notwithstanding be only superficial valuations, special kinds of niaiserie, such as may be necessary for the maintenance of beings such as ourselves.
The question is, how far an opinion is lifefurthering, lifepreserving, speciespreserving, perhaps speciesrearing, and we are fundamentally inclined to maintain that the falsest opinions (to which the synthetic judgments a priori belong), are the most indispensable to us, that without a recognition of logical fictions, without a comparison of reality with the purely IMAGINED world of the absolute and immutable, without a constant counterfeiting of the world by means of numbers, man could not livethat the renunciation of false opinions would be a renunciation of life, a negation of life.
That which causes philosophers to be regarded halfdistrustfully and halfmockingly, is not the oftrepeated discovery how innocent they arehow often and easily they make mistakes and lose their way, in short, how childish and childlike they are,but that there is not enough honest dealing with them, whereas they all raise a loud and virtuous outcry when the problem of truthfulness is even hinted at in the remotest manner.
They all pose as though their real opinions had been discovered and attained through the selfevolving of a cold, pure, divinely indifferent dialectic (in contrast to all sorts of mystics, who, fairer and foolisher, talk of 'inspiration'), whereas, in fact, a prejudiced proposition, idea, or 'suggestion,' which is generally their heart's desire abstracted and refined, is defended by them with arguments sought out after the event.
They are all advocates who do not wish to be regarded as such, generally astute defenders, also, of their prejudices, which they dub 'truths,'and VERY far from having the conscience which bravely admits this to itself, very far from having the good taste of the courage which goes so far as to let this be understood, perhaps to warn friend or foe, or in cheerful confidence and selfridicule.
The spectacle of the Tartuffery of old Kant, equally stiff and decent, with which he entices us into the dialectic byways that lead (more correctly mislead) to his 'categorical imperative'makes us fastidious ones smile, we who find no small amusement in spying out the subtle tricks of old moralists and ethical preachers.
Or, still more so, the hocuspocus in mathematical form, by means of which Spinoza has, as it were, clad his philosophy in mail and maskin fact, the 'love of HIS wisdom,' to translate the term fairly and squarelyin order thereby to strike terror at once into the heart of the assailant who should dare to cast a glance on that invincible maiden, that Pallas Athenehow much of personal timidity and vulnerability does this masquerade of a sickly recluse betray!
It has gradually become clear to me what every great philosophy up till now has consisted ofnamely, the confession of its originator, and a species of involuntary and unconscious autobiography and moreover that the moral (or immoral) purpose in every philosophy has constituted the true vital germ out of which the entire plant has always grown.
Indeed, to understand how the abstrusest metaphysical assertions of a philosopher have been arrived at, it is always well (and wise) to first ask oneself 'What morality do they (or does he) aim at?' Accordingly, I do not believe that an 'impulse to knowledge' is the father of philosophy but that another impulse, here as elsewhere, has only made use of knowledge (and mistaken knowledge!) as an instrument.
But whoever considers the fundamental impulses of man with a view to determining how far they may have here acted as INSPIRING GENII (or as demons and cobolds), will find that they have all practiced philosophy at one time or another, and that each one of them would have been only too glad to look upon itself as the ultimate end of existence and the legitimate LORD over all the other impulses.
To be sure, in the case of scholars, in the case of really scientific men, it may be otherwise'better,' if you will there there may really be such a thing as an 'impulse to knowledge,' some kind of small, independent clockwork, which, when well wound up, works away industriously to that end, WITHOUT the rest of the scholarly impulses taking any material part therein.
The actual 'interests' of the scholar, therefore, are generally in quite another directionin the family, perhaps, or in moneymaking, or in politics it is, in fact, almost indifferent at what point of research his little machine is placed, and whether the hopeful young worker becomes a good philologist, a mushroom specialist, or a chemist he is not CHARACTERISED by becoming this or that.
In the philosopher, on the contrary, there is absolutely nothing impersonal and above all, his morality furnishes a decided and decisive testimony as to WHO HE IS,that is to say, in what order the deepest impulses of his nature stand to each other. . How malicious philosophers can be! I know of nothing more stinging than the joke Epicurus took the liberty of making on Plato and the Platonists he called them Dionysiokolakes.
In its original sense, and on the face of it, the word signifies 'Flatterers of Dionysius'consequently, tyrants' accessories and lickspittles besides this, however, it is as much as to say, 'They are all ACTORS, there is nothing genuine about them' (for Dionysiokolax was a popular name for an actor). And the latter is really the malignant reproach that Epicurus cast upon Plato he was annoyed by the grandiose manner, the mise en scene style of which Plato and his scholars were mastersof which Epicurus was not a master!
He, the old schoolteacher of Samos, who sat concealed in his little garden at Athens, and wrote three hundred books, perhaps out of rage and ambitious envy of Plato, who knows! Greece took a hundred years to find out who the gardengod Epicurus really was. Did she ever find out?
. There is a point in every philosophy at which the 'conviction' of the philosopher appears on the scene or, to put it in the words of an ancient mystery Adventavit asinus, Pulcher et fortissimus. . You desire to LIVE 'according to Nature'? Oh, you noble Stoics, what fraud of words!
Imagine to yourselves a being like Nature, boundlessly extravagant, boundlessly indifferent, without purpose or consideration, without pity or justice, at once fruitful and barren and uncertain imagine to yourselves INDIFFERENCE as a powerhow COULD you live in accordance with such indifference? To liveis not that just endeavouring to be otherwise than this Nature?
Is not living valuing, preferring, being unjust, being limited, endeavouring to be different? And granted that your imperative, 'living according to Nature,' means actually the same as 'living according to life'how could you do DIFFERENTLY? Why should you make a principle out of what you yourselves are, and must be?
In your pride you wish to dictate your morals and ideals to Nature, to Nature herself, and to incorporate them therein you insist that it shall be Nature 'according to the Stoa,' and would like everything to be made after your own image, as a vast, eternal glorification and generalism of Stoicism!
With all your love for truth, you have forced yourselves so long, so persistently, and with such hypnotic rigidity to see Nature FALSELY, that is to say, Stoically, that you are no longer able to see it otherwiseand to crown all, some unfathomable superciliousness gives you the Bedlamite hope that BECAUSE you are able to tyrannize over yourselvesStoicism is selftyrannyNature will also allow herself to be tyrannized over is not the Stoic a PART of Nature?...
But this is an old and everlasting story what happened in old times with the Stoics still happens today, as soon as ever a philosophy begins to believe in itself. It always creates the world in its own image it cannot do otherwise philosophy is this tyrannical impulse itself, the most spiritual Will to Power, the will to 'creation of the world,' the will to the causa prima.
The eagerness and subtlety, I should even say craftiness, with which the problem of 'the real and the apparent world' is dealt with at present throughout Europe, furnishes food for thought and attention and he who hears only a 'Will to Truth' in the background, and nothing else, cannot certainly boast of the sharpest ears.
In rare and isolated cases, it may really have happened that such a Will to Trutha certain extravagant and adventurous pluck, a metaphysician's ambition of the forlorn hopehas participated therein that which in the end always prefers a handful of 'certainty' to a whole cartload of beautiful possibilities there may even be puritanical fanatics of conscience, who prefer to put their last trust in a sure nothing, rather than in an uncertain something.
There is DISTRUST of these modern ideas in this mode of looking at things, a disbelief in all that has been constructed yesterday and today there is perhaps some slight admixture of satiety and scorn, which can no longer endure the BRICABRAC of ideas of the most varied origin, such as socalled Positivism at present throws on the market a disgust of the more refined taste at the villagefair motleyness and patchiness of all these realityphilosophasters, in whom there is nothing either new or true, except this motleyness.
Therein it seems to me that we should agree with those skeptical antirealists and knowledgemicroscopists of the present day their instinct, which repels them from MODERN reality, is unrefuted... what do their retrograde bypaths concern us! The main thing about them is NOT that they wish to go 'back,' but that they wish to get AWAY therefrom.
A little MORE strength, swing, courage, and artistic power, and they would be OFFand not back! . It seems to me that there is everywhere an attempt at present to divert attention from the actual influence which Kant exercised on German philosophy, and especially to ignore prudently the value which he set upon himself.
Kant was first and foremost proud of his Table of Categories with it in his hand he said 'This is the most difficult thing that could ever be undertaken on behalf of metaphysics.' Let us only understand this 'could be'! He was proud of having DISCOVERED a new faculty in man, the faculty of synthetic judgment a priori.
Granting that he deceived himself in this matter the development and rapid flourishing of German philosophy depended nevertheless on his pride, and on the eager rivalry of the younger generation to discover if possible somethingat all events 'new faculties'of which to be still prouder!But let us reflect for a momentit is high time to do so.
'How are synthetic judgments a priori POSSIBLE?' Kant asks himselfand what is really his answer? 'BY MEANS OF A MEANS (faculty)'but unfortunately not in five words, but so circumstantially, imposingly, and with such display of German profundity and verbal flourishes, that one altogether loses sight of the comical niaiserie allemande involved in such an answer.
All the young theologians of the Tubingen institution went immediately into the grovesall seeking for 'faculties.' And what did they not findin that innocent, rich, and still youthful period of the German spirit, to which Romanticism, the malicious fairy, piped and sang, when one could not yet distinguish between 'finding' and 'inventing'!
Above all a faculty for the 'transcendental' Schelling christened it, intellectual intuition, and thereby gratified the most earnest longings of the naturally piousinclined Germans. One can do no greater wrong to the whole of this exuberant and eccentric movement (which was really youthfulness, notwithstanding that it disguised itself so boldly, in hoary and senile conceptions), than to take it seriously, or even treat it with moral indignation.
Enough, howeverthe world grew older, and the dream vanished. A time came when people rubbed their foreheads, and they still rub them today. People had been dreaming, and first and foremostold Kant. 'By means of a means (faculty)'he had said, or at least meant to say. But, is thatan answer?
'By means of a means (faculty),' namely the virtus dormitiva, replies the doctor in Moliere, But such replies belong to the realm of comedy, and it is high time to replace the Kantian question, 'How are synthetic judgments a PRIORI possible?' by another question, 'Why is belief in such judgments necessary?'in effect, it is high time that we should understand that such judgments must be believed to be true, for the sake of the preservation of creatures like ourselves though they still might naturally be false judgments!
Or, more plainly spoken, and roughly and readilysynthetic judgments a priori should not 'be possible' at all we have no right to them in our mouths they are nothing but false judgments. Only, of course, the belief in their truth is necessary, as plausible belief and ocular evidence belonging to the perspective view of life.
And finally, to call to mind the enormous influence which 'German philosophy'I hope you understand its right to inverted commas (goosefeet)?has exercised throughout the whole of Europe, there is no doubt that a certain VIRTUS DORMITIVA had a share in it thanks to German philosophy, it was a delight to the noble idlers, the virtuous, the mystics, the artiste, the threefourths Christians, and the political obscurantists of all nations, to find an antidote to the still overwhelming sensualism which overflowed from the last century into this, in short'sensus assoupire.'...
As regards materialistic atomism, it is one of the bestrefuted theories that have been advanced, and in Europe there is now perhaps no one in the learned world so unscholarly as to attach serious signification to it, except for convenient everyday use (as an abbreviation of the means of expression)thanks chiefly to the Pole Boscovich he and the Pole Copernicus have hitherto been the greatest and most successful opponents of ocular evidence.
For while Copernicus has persuaded us to believe, contrary to all the senses, that the earth does NOT stand fast, Boscovich has taught us to abjure the belief in the last thing that 'stood fast' of the earththe belief in 'substance,' in 'matter,' in the earthresiduum, and particleatom it is the greatest triumph over the senses that has hitherto been gained on earth.
One must, however, go still further, and also declare war, relentless war to the knife, against the 'atomistic requirements' which still lead a dangerous afterlife in places where no one suspects them, like the more celebrated 'metaphysical requirements' one must also above all give the finishing stroke to that other and more portentous atomism which Christianity has taught best and longest, the SOULATOMISM.
Let it be permitted to designate by this expression the belief which regards the soul as something indestructible, eternal, indivisible, as a monad, as an atomon this belief ought to be expelled from science! Between ourselves, it is not at all necessary to get rid of 'the soul' thereby, and thus renounce one of the oldest and most venerated hypothesesas happens frequently to the clumsiness of naturalists, who can hardly touch on the soul without immediately losing it.
In that the NEW psychologist is about to put an end to the superstitions which have hitherto flourished with almost tropical luxuriance around the idea of the soul, he is really, as it were, thrusting himself into a new desert and a new distrustit is possible that the older psychologists had a merrier and more comfortable time of it eventually, however, he finds that precisely thereby he is also condemned to INVENTand, who knows?
perhaps to DISCOVER the new. . Psychologists should bethink themselves before putting down the instinct of selfpreservation as the cardinal instinct of an organic being. A living thing seeks above all to DISCHARGE its strengthlife itself is WILL TO POWER selfpreservation is only one of the indirect and most frequent RESULTS thereof.
It is perhaps just dawning on five or six minds that natural philosophy is only a worldexposition and worldarrangement (according to us, if I may say so!) and NOT a worldexplanation but in so far as it is based on belief in the senses, it is regarded as more, and for a long time to come must be regarded as morenamely, as an explanation.
It has eyes and fingers of its own, it has ocular evidence and palpableness of its own this operates fascinatingly, persuasively, and CONVINCINGLY upon an age with fundamentally plebeian tastesin fact, it follows instinctively the canon of truth of eternal popular sensualism. What is clear, what is 'explained'? Only that which can be seen and feltone must pursue every problem thus far.
Obversely, however, the charm of the Platonic mode of thought, which was an ARISTOCRATIC mode, consisted precisely in RESISTANCE to obvious senseevidenceperhaps among men who enjoyed even stronger and more fastidious senses than our contemporaries, but who knew how to find a higher triumph in remaining masters of them and this by means of pale, cold, grey conceptional networks which they threw over the motley whirl of the sensesthe mob of the senses, as Plato said.
In this overcoming of the world, and interpreting of the world in the manner of Plato, there was an ENJOYMENT different from that which the physicists of today offer usand likewise the Darwinists and antiteleologists among the physiological workers, with their principle of the 'smallest possible effort,' and the greatest possible blunder.
'Where there is nothing more to see or to grasp, there is also nothing more for men to do'that is certainly an imperative different from the Platonic one, but it may notwithstanding be the right imperative for a hardy, laborious race of machinists and bridgebuilders of the future, who have nothing but ROUGH work to perform.
. To study physiology with a clear conscience, one must insist on the fact that the senseorgans are not phenomena in the sense of the idealistic philosophy as such they certainly could not be causes! Sensualism, therefore, at least as regulative hypothesis, if not as heuristic principle. What? And others say even that the external world is the work of our organs?
But then our body, as a part of this external world, would be the work of our organs! But then our organs themselves would be the work of our organs! It seems to me that this is a complete REDUCTIO AD ABSURDUM, if the conception CAUSA SUI is something fundamentally absurd.
There are still harmless selfobservers who believe that there are 'immediate certainties' for instance, 'I think,' or as the superstition of Schopenhauer puts it, 'I will' as though cognition here got hold of its object purely and simply as 'the thing in itself,' without any falsification taking place either on the part of the subject or the object.
In short, the assertion 'I think,' assumes that I COMPARE my state at the present moment with other states of myself which I know, in order to determine what it is on account of this retrospective connection with further 'knowledge,' it has, at any rate, no immediate certainty for me.'In place of the 'immediate certainty' in which the people may believe in the special case, the philosopher thus finds a series of metaphysical questions presented to him, veritable conscience questions of the intellect, to wit 'Whence did I get the notion of 'thinking'?
What gives me the right to speak of an 'ego,' and even of an 'ego' as cause, and finally of an 'ego' as cause of thought?' He who ventures to answer these metaphysical questions at once by an appeal to a sort of INTUITIVE perception, like the person who says, 'I think, and know that this, at least, is true, actual, and certain'will encounter a smile and two notes of interrogation in a philosopher nowadays.
One infers here according to the usual grammatical formula'To think is an activity every activity requires an agency that is active consequently'... It was pretty much on the same lines that the older atomism sought, besides the operating 'power,' the material particle wherein it resides and out of which it operatesthe atom.
More rigorous minds, however, learnt at last to get along without this 'earthresiduum,' and perhaps some day we shall accustom ourselves, even from the logician's point of view, to get along without the little 'one' (to which the worthy old 'ego' has refined itself). . It is certainly not the least charm of a theory that it is refutable it is precisely thereby that it attracts the more subtle minds.
It seems that the hundredtimesrefuted theory of the 'free will' owes its persistence to this charm alone some one is always appearing who feels himself strong enough to refute it. . Philosophers are accustomed to speak of the will as though it were the bestknown thing in the world indeed, Schopenhauer has given us to understand that the will alone is really known to us, absolutely and completely known, without deduction or addition.
But it again and again seems to me that in this case Schopenhauer also only did what philosophers are in the habit of doinghe seems to have adopted a POPULAR PREJUDICE and exaggerated it. Willing seems to me to be above all something COMPLICATED, something that is a unity only in nameand it is precisely in a name that popular prejudice lurks, which has got the mastery over the inadequate precautions of philosophers in all ages.
So let us for once be more cautious, let us be 'unphilosophical' let us say that in all willing there is firstly a plurality of sensations, namely, the sensation of the condition 'AWAY FROM WHICH we go,' the sensation of the condition 'TOWARDS WHICH we go,' the sensation of this 'FROM' and 'TOWARDS' itself, and then besides, an accompanying muscular sensation, which, even without our putting in motion 'arms and legs,' commences its action by force of habit, directly we 'will' anything.
Therefore, just as sensations (and indeed many kinds of sensations) are to be recognized as ingredients of the will, so, in the second place, thinking is also to be recognized in every act of the will there is a ruling thoughtand let us not imagine it possible to sever this thought from the 'willing,' as if the will would then remain over!
That which is termed 'freedom of the will' is essentially the emotion of supremacy in respect to him who must obey 'I am free, 'he' must obey'this consciousness is inherent in every will and equally so the straining of the attention, the straight look which fixes itself exclusively on one thing, the unconditional judgment that 'this and nothing else is necessary now,' the inward certainty that obedience will be renderedand whatever else pertains to the position of the commander.
Since in the majority of cases there has only been exercise of will when the effect of the commandconsequently obedience, and therefore actionwas to be EXPECTED, the APPEARANCE has translated itself into the sentiment, as if there were a NECESSITY OF EFFECT in a word, he who wills believes with a fair amount of certainty that will and action are somehow one he ascribes the success, the carrying out of the willing, to the will itself, and thereby enjoys an increase of the sensation of power which accompanies all success.
'Freedom of Will'that is the expression for the complex state of delight of the person exercising volition, who commands and at the same time identifies himself with the executor of the orderwho, as such, enjoys also the triumph over obstacles, but thinks within himself that it was really his own will that overcame them.
In this way the person exercising volition adds the feelings of delight of his successful executive instruments, the useful 'underwills' or undersoulsindeed, our body is but a social structure composed of many soulsto his feelings of delight as commander. L'EFFET C'EST MOI. what happens here is what happens in every wellconstructed and happy commonwealth, namely, that the governing class identifies itself with the successes of the commonwealth.
In all willing it is absolutely a question of commanding and obeying, on the basis, as already said, of a social structure composed of many 'souls', on which account a philosopher should claim the right to include willingassuch within the sphere of moralsregarded as the doctrine of the relations of supremacy under which the phenomenon of 'life' manifests itself.
That the separate philosophical ideas are not anything optional or autonomously evolving, but grow up in connection and relationship with each other, that, however suddenly and arbitrarily they seem to appear in the history of thought, they nevertheless belong just as much to a system as the collective members of the fauna of a Continentis betrayed in the end by the circumstance how unfailingly the most diverse philosophers always fill in again a definite fundamental scheme of POSSIBLE philosophies.
Under an invisible spell, they always revolve once more in the same orbit, however independent of each other they may feel themselves with their critical or systematic wills, something within them leads them, something impels them in definite order the one after the otherto wit, the innate methodology and relationship of their ideas.
Their thinking is, in fact, far less a discovery than a rerecognizing, a remembering, a return and a homecoming to a faroff, ancient commonhousehold of the soul, out of which those ideas formerly grew philosophizing is so far a kind of atavism of the highest order. The wonderful family resemblance of all Indian, Greek, and German philosophizing is easily enough explained.
In fact, where there is affinity of language, owing to the common philosophy of grammarI mean owing to the unconscious domination and guidance of similar grammatical functionsit cannot but be that everything is prepared at the outset for a similar development and succession of philosophical systems, just as the way seems barred against certain other possibilities of worldinterpretation.
It is highly probable that philosophers within the domain of the UralAltaic languages (where the conception of the subject is least developed) look otherwise 'into the world,' and will be found on paths of thought different from those of the IndoGermans and Mussulmans, the spell of certain grammatical functions is ultimately also the spell of PHYSIOLOGICAL valuations and racial conditions.So much by way of rejecting Locke's superficiality with regard to the origin of ideas.
The desire for 'freedom of will' in the superlative, metaphysical sense, such as still holds sway, unfortunately, in the minds of the halfeducated, the desire to bear the entire and ultimate responsibility for one's actions oneself, and to absolve God, the world, ancestors, chance, and society therefrom, involves nothing less than to be precisely this CAUSA SUI, and, with more than Munchausen daring, to pull oneself up into existence by the hair, out of the slough of nothingness.
If any one should find out in this manner the crass stupidity of the celebrated conception of 'free will' and put it out of his head altogether, I beg of him to carry his 'enlightenment' a step further, and also put out of his head the contrary of this monstrous conception of 'free will' I mean 'nonfree will,' which is tantamount to a misuse of cause and effect.
One should not wrongly MATERIALISE 'cause' and 'effect,' as the natural philosophers do (and whoever like them naturalize in thinking at present), according to the prevailing mechanical doltishness which makes the cause press and push until it 'effects' its end one should use 'cause' and 'effect' only as pure CONCEPTIONS, that is to say, as conventional fictions for the purpose of designation and mutual understanding,NOT for explanation.
In 'beinginitself' there is nothing of 'casualconnection,' of 'necessity,' or of 'psychological nonfreedom' there the effect does NOT follow the cause, there 'law' does not obtain. It is WE alone who have devised cause, sequence, reciprocity, relativity, constraint, number, law, freedom, motive, and purpose and when we interpret and intermix this symbolworld, as 'beinginitself,' with things, we act once more as we have always actedMYTHOLOGICALLY.
The 'nonfree will' is mythology in real life it is only a question of STRONG and WEAK wills.It is almost always a symptom of what is lacking in himself, when a thinker, in every 'causalconnection' and 'psychological necessity,' manifests something of compulsion, indigence, obsequiousness, oppression, and nonfreedom it is suspicious to have such feelingsthe person betrays himself.
And in general, if I have observed correctly, the 'nonfreedom of the will' is regarded as a problem from two entirely opposite standpoints, but always in a profoundly PERSONAL manner some will not give up their 'responsibility,' their belief in THEMSELVES, the personal right to THEIR merits, at any price (the vain races belong to this class) others on the contrary, do not wish to be answerable for anything, or blamed for anything, and owing to an inward selfcontempt, seek to GET OUT OF THE BUSINESS, no matter how.
The latter, when they write books, are in the habit at present of taking the side of criminals a sort of socialistic sympathy is their favourite disguise. And as a matter of fact, the fatalism of the weakwilled embellishes itself surprisingly when it can pose as 'la religion de la souffrance humaine' that is ITS 'good taste.' .
Let me be pardoned, as an old philologist who cannot desist from the mischief of putting his finger on bad modes of interpretation, but 'Nature's conformity to law,' of which you physicists talk so proudly, as thoughwhy, it exists only owing to your interpretation and bad 'philology.' It is no matter of fact, no 'text,' but rather just a naively humanitarian adjustment and perversion of meaning, with which you make abundant concessions to the democratic instincts of the modern soul!
'Everywhere equality before the lawNature is not different in that respect, nor better than we' a fine instance of secret motive, in which the vulgar antagonism to everything privileged and autocraticlikewise a second and more refined atheismis once more disguised. 'Ni dieu, ni maitre'that, also, is what you want and therefore 'Cheers for natural law!'is it not so?
In so far as it is allowable to recognize in that which has hitherto been written, evidence of that which has hitherto been kept silent, it seems as if nobody had yet harboured the notion of psychology as the Morphology and DEVELOPMENTDOCTRINE OF THE WILL TO POWER, as I conceive of it.
A proper physiopsychology has to contend with unconscious antagonism in the heart of the investigator, it has 'the heart' against it even a doctrine of the reciprocal conditionalness of the 'good' and the 'bad' impulses, causes (as refined immorality) distress and aversion in a still strong and manly consciencestill more so, a doctrine of the derivation of all good impulses from bad ones.
If, however, a person should regard even the emotions of hatred, envy, covetousness, and imperiousness as lifeconditioning emotions, as factors which must be present, fundamentally and essentially, in the general economy of life (which must, therefore, be further developed if life is to be further developed), he will suffer from such a view of things as from seasickness.
And yet this hypothesis is far from being the strangest and most painful in this immense and almost new domain of dangerous knowledge, and there are in fact a hundred good reasons why every one should keep away from it who CAN do so! On the other hand, if one has once drifted hither with one's bark, well!
very good! now let us set our teeth firmly! let us open our eyes and keep our hand fast on the helm! We sail away right OVER morality, we crush out, we destroy perhaps the remains of our own morality by daring to make our voyage thitherbut what do WE matter.
Never yet did a PROFOUNDER world of insight reveal itself to daring travelers and adventurers, and the psychologist who thus 'makes a sacrifice'it is not the sacrifizio dell' intelletto, on the contrary!will at least be entitled to demand in return that psychology shall once more be recognized as the queen of the sciences, for whose service and equipment the other sciences exist.
For psychology is once more the path to the fundamental problems. . O sancta simplicitas! In what strange simplification and falsification man lives! One can never cease wondering when once one has got eyes for beholding this marvel! How we have made everything around us clear and free and easy and simple!
how we have been able to give our senses a passport to everything superficial, our thoughts a godlike desire for wanton pranks and wrong inferences!how from the beginning, we have contrived to retain our ignorance in order to enjoy an almost inconceivable freedom, thoughtlessness, imprudence, heartiness, and gaietyin order to enjoy life!
It is to be hoped, indeed, that LANGUAGE, here as elsewhere, will not get over its awkwardness, and that it will continue to talk of opposites where there are only degrees and many refinements of gradation it is equally to be hoped that the incarnated Tartuffery of morals, which now belongs to our unconquerable 'flesh and blood,' will turn the words round in the mouths of us discerning ones.
Here and there we understand it, and laugh at the way in which precisely the best knowledge seeks most to retain us in this SIMPLIFIED, thoroughly artificial, suitably imagined, and suitably falsified world at the way in which, whether it will or not, it loves error, because, as living itself, it loves life!
It spoils all the innocence and fine neutrality of your conscience it makes you headstrong against objections and red rags it stupefies, animalizes, and brutalizes, when in the struggle with danger, slander, suspicion, expulsion, and even worse consequences of enmity, ye have at last to play your last card as protectors of truth upon earthas though 'the Truth' were such an innocent and incompetent creature as to require protectors!
Finally, ye know sufficiently well that it cannot be of any consequence if YE just carry your point ye know that hitherto no philosopher has carried his point, and that there might be a more laudable truthfulness in every little interrogative mark which you place after your special words and favourite doctrines (and occasionally after yourselves) than in all the solemn pantomime and trumping games before accusers and lawcourts!
Rather go out of the way! Flee into concealment! And have your masks and your ruses, that ye may be mistaken for what you are, or somewhat feared! And pray, don't forget the garden, the garden with golden trelliswork! And have people around you who are as a gardenor as music on the waters at eventide, when already the day becomes a memory.
Choose the GOOD solitude, the free, wanton, lightsome solitude, which also gives you the right still to remain good in any sense whatsoever! How poisonous, how crafty, how bad, does every long war make one, which cannot be waged openly by means of force! How PERSONAL does a long fear make one, a long watching of enemies, of possible enemies!
These pariahs of society, these longpursued, badlypersecuted onesalso the compulsory recluses, the Spinozas or Giordano Brunosalways become in the end, even under the most intellectual masquerade, and perhaps without being themselves aware of it, refined vengeanceseekers and poisonBrewers (just lay bare the foundation of Spinoza's ethics and theology!), not to speak of the stupidity of moral indignation, which is the unfailing sign in a philosopher that the sense of philosophical humour has left him.
The martyrdom of the philosopher, his 'sacrifice for the sake of truth,' forces into the light whatever of the agitator and actor lurks in him and if one has hitherto contemplated him only with artistic curiosity, with regard to many a philosopher it is easy to understand the dangerous desire to see him also in his deterioration (deteriorated into a 'martyr,' into a stageandtribunebawler).
Only, that it is necessary with such a desire to be clear WHAT spectacle one will see in any casemerely a satyric play, merely an epilogue farce, merely the continued proof that the long, real tragedy IS AT AN END, supposing that every philosophy has been a long tragedy in its origin.
Every select man strives instinctively for a citadel and a privacy, where he is FREE from the crowd, the many, the majoritywhere he may forget 'men who are the rule,' as their exceptionexclusive only of the case in which he is pushed straight to such men by a still stronger instinct, as a discerner in the great and exceptional sense.
Whoever, in intercourse with men, does not occasionally glisten in all the green and grey colours of distress, owing to disgust, satiety, sympathy, gloominess, and solitariness, is assuredly not a man of elevated tastes supposing, however, that he does not voluntarily take all this burden and disgust upon himself, that he persistently avoids it, and remains, as I said, quietly and proudly hidden in his citadel, one thing is then certain he was not made, he was not predestined for knowledge.
but 'the rule' is more interesting than the exceptionthan myself, the exception!' And he would go DOWN, and above all, he would go 'inside.' The long and serious study of the AVERAGE manand consequently much disguise, selfovercoming, familiarity, and bad intercourse (all intercourse is bad intercourse except with one's equals)that constitutes a necessary part of the lifehistory of every philosopher perhaps the most disagreeable, odious, and disappointing part.
If he is fortunate, however, as a favourite child of knowledge should be, he will meet with suitable auxiliaries who will shorten and lighten his task I mean socalled cynics, those who simply recognize the animal, the commonplace and 'the rule' in themselves, and at the same time have so much spirituality and ticklishness as to make them talk of themselves and their like BEFORE WITNESSESsometimes they wallow, even in books, as on their own dunghill.
There are even cases where enchantment mixes with the disgustnamely, where by a freak of nature, genius is bound to some such indiscreet billygoat and ape, as in the case of the Abbe Galiani, the profoundest, acutest, and perhaps also filthiest man of his centuryhe was far profounder than Voltaire, and consequently also, a good deal more silent.
And whenever anyone speaks without bitterness, or rather quite innocently, of man as a belly with two requirements, and a head with one whenever any one sees, seeks, and WANTS to see only hunger, sexual instinct, and vanity as the real and only motives of human actions in short, when any one speaks 'badly'and not even 'ill'of man, then ought the lover of knowledge to hearken attentively and diligently he ought, in general, to have an open ear wherever there is talk without indignation.
For the indignant man, and he who perpetually tears and lacerates himself with his own teeth (or, in place of himself, the world, God, or society), may indeed, morally speaking, stand higher than the laughing and selfsatisfied satyr, but in every other sense he is the more ordinary, more indifferent, and less instructive case.
And no one is such a LIAR as the indignant man. . It is difficult to be understood, especially when one thinks and lives gangasrotogati Footnote Like the river Ganges presto. among those only who think and live otherwisenamely, kurmagati Footnote Like the tortoise lento., or at best 'froglike,' mandeikagati Footnote Like the frog staccato.
As regards 'the good friends,' however, who are always too easygoing, and think that as friends they have a right to ease, one does well at the very first to grant them a playground and rompingplace for misunderstandingone can thus laugh still or get rid of them altogether, these good friendsand laugh then also!
. What is most difficult to render from one language into another is the TEMPO of its style, which has its basis in the character of the race, or to speak more physiologically, in the average TEMPO of the assimilation of its nutriment. There are honestly meant translations, which, as involuntary vulgarizations, are almost falsifications of the original, merely because its lively and merry TEMPO (which overleaps and obviates all dangers in word and expression) could not also be rendered.
A German is almost incapacitated for PRESTO in his language consequently also, as may be reasonably inferred, for many of the most delightful and daring NUANCES of free, freespirited thought. And just as the buffoon and satyr are foreign to him in body and conscience, so Aristophanes and Petronius are untranslatable for him.
Everything ponderous, viscous, and pompously clumsy, all longwinded and wearying species of style, are developed in profuse variety among Germanspardon me for stating the fact that even Goethe's prose, in its mixture of stiffness and elegance, is no exception, as a reflection of the 'good old time' to which it belongs, and as an expression of German taste at a time when there was still a 'German taste,' which was a rococotaste in moribus et artibus.
Lessing is an exception, owing to his histrionic nature, which understood much, and was versed in many things he who was not the translator of Bayle to no purpose, who took refuge willingly in the shadow of Diderot and Voltaire, and still more willingly among the Roman comedywritersLessing loved also freespiritism in the TEMPO, and flight out of Germany.
But how could the German language, even in the prose of Lessing, imitate the TEMPO of Machiavelli, who in his 'Principe' makes us breathe the dry, fine air of Florence, and cannot help presenting the most serious events in a boisterous allegrissimo, perhaps not without a malicious artistic sense of the contrast he ventures to presentlong, heavy, difficult, dangerous thoughts, and a TEMPO of the gallop, and of the best, wantonest humour?
Finally, who would venture on a German translation of Petronius, who, more than any great musician hitherto, was a master of PRESTO in invention, ideas, and words? What matter in the end about the swamps of the sick, evil world, or of the 'ancient world,' when like him, one has the feet of a wind, the rush, the breath, the emancipating scorn of a wind, which makes everything healthy, by making everything RUN!
And with regard to Aristophanesthat transfiguring, complementary genius, for whose sake one PARDONS all Hellenism for having existed, provided one has understood in its full profundity ALL that there requires pardon and transfiguration there is nothing that has caused me to meditate more on PLATO'S secrecy and sphinxlike nature, than the happily preserved petit fait that under the pillow of his deathbed there was found no 'Bible,' nor anything Egyptian, Pythagorean, or Platonicbut a book of Aristophanes.
How could even Plato have endured lifea Greek life which he repudiatedwithout an Aristophanes! . It is the business of the very few to be independent it is a privilege of the strong. And whoever attempts it, even with the best right, but without being OBLIGED to do so, proves that he is probably not only strong, but also daring beyond measure.
He enters into a labyrinth, he multiplies a thousandfold the dangers which life in itself already brings with it not the least of which is that no one can see how and where he loses his way, becomes isolated, and is torn piecemeal by some minotaur of conscience. Supposing such a one comes to grief, it is so far from the comprehension of men that they neither feel it, nor sympathize with it.
The exoteric and the esoteric, as they were formerly distinguished by philosophersamong the Indians, as among the Greeks, Persians, and Mussulmans, in short, wherever people believed in gradations of rank and NOT in equality and equal rightsare not so much in contradistinction to one another in respect to the exoteric class, standing without, and viewing, estimating, measuring, and judging from the outside, and not from the inside the more essential distinction is that the class in question views things from below upwardswhile the esoteric class views things FROM ABOVE DOWNWARDS.
There are heights of the soul from which tragedy itself no longer appears to operate tragically and if all the woe in the world were taken together, who would dare to decide whether the sight of it would NECESSARILY seduce and constrain to sympathy, and thus to a doubling of the woe?...
The virtues of the common man would perhaps mean vice and weakness in a philosopher it might be possible for a highly developed man, supposing him to degenerate and go to ruin, to acquire qualities thereby alone, for the sake of which he would have to be honoured as a saint in the lower world into which he had sunk.
There are books which have an inverse value for the soul and the health according as the inferior soul and the lower vitality, or the higher and more powerful, make use of them. In the former case they are dangerous, disturbing, unsettling books, in the latter case they are heraldcalls which summon the bravest to THEIR bravery.
Books for the general reader are always illsmelling books, the odour of paltry people clings to them. Where the populace eat and drink, and even where they reverence, it is accustomed to stink. One should not go into churches if one wishes to breathe PURE air. . In our youthful years we still venerate and despise without the art of NUANCE, which is the best gain of life, and we have rightly to do hard penance for having fallen upon men and things with Yea and Nay.
Everything is so arranged that the worst of all tastes, THE TASTE FOR THE UNCONDITIONAL, is cruelly befooled and abused, until a man learns to introduce a little art into his sentiments, and prefers to try conclusions with the artificial, as do the real artists of life. The angry and reverent spirit peculiar to youth appears to allow itself no peace, until it has suitably falsified men and things, to be able to vent its passion upon them youth in itself even, is something falsifying and deceptive.
Later on, when the young soul, tortured by continual disillusions, finally turns suspiciously against itselfstill ardent and savage even in its suspicion and remorse of conscience how it upbraids itself, how impatiently it tears itself, how it revenges itself for its long selfblinding, as though it had been a voluntary blindness!
In this transition one punishes oneself by distrust of one's sentiments one tortures one's enthusiasm with doubt, one feels even the good conscience to be a danger, as if it were the selfconcealment and lassitude of a more refined uprightness and above all, one espouses upon principle the cause AGAINST 'youth.'A decade later, and one comprehends that all this was also stillyouth!
Throughout the longest period of human historyone calls it the prehistoric periodthe value or nonvalue of an action was inferred from its CONSEQUENCES the action in itself was not taken into consideration, any more than its origin but pretty much as in China at present, where the distinction or disgrace of a child redounds to its parents, the retrooperating power of success or failure was what induced men to think well or ill of an action.
To be sure, an ominous new superstition, a peculiar narrowness of interpretation, attained supremacy precisely thereby the origin of an action was interpreted in the most definite sense possible, as origin out of an INTENTION people were agreed in the belief that the value of an action lay in the value of its intention.
In short, we believe that the intention is only a sign or symptom, which first requires an explanationa sign, moreover, which has too many interpretations, and consequently hardly any meaning in itself alone that morality, in the sense in which it has been understood hitherto, as intentionmorality, has been a prejudice, perhaps a prematureness or preliminariness, probably something of the same rank as astrology and alchemy, but in any case something which must be surmounted.
The surmounting of morality, in a certain sense even the selfmounting of moralitylet that be the name for the longsecret labour which has been reserved for the most refined, the most upright, and also the most wicked consciences of today, as the living touchstones of the soul. . It cannot be helped the sentiment of surrender, of sacrifice for one's neighbour, and all selfrenunciationmorality, must be mercilessly called to account, and brought to judgment just as the aesthetics of 'disinterested contemplation,' under which the emasculation of art nowadays seeks insidiously enough to create itself a good conscience.
There is far too much witchery and sugar in the sentiments 'for others' and 'NOT for myself,' for one not needing to be doubly distrustful here, and for one asking promptly 'Are they not perhapsDECEPTIONS?'That they PLEASEhim who has them, and him who enjoys their fruit, and also the mere spectatorthat is still no argument in their FAVOUR, but just calls for caution.
In all seriousness, the innocence of thinkers has something touching and respectinspiring in it, which even nowadays permits them to wait upon consciousness with the request that it will give them HONEST answers for example, whether it be 'real' or not, and why it keeps the outer world so resolutely at a distance, and other questions of the same description.
So much must be conceded there could have been no life at all except upon the basis of perspective estimates and semblances and if, with the virtuous enthusiasm and stupidity of many philosophers, one wished to do away altogether with the 'seeming world'well, granted that YOU could do that,at least nothing of your 'truth' would thereby remain!
Indeed, what is it that forces us in general to the supposition that there is an essential opposition of 'true' and 'false'? Is it not enough to suppose degrees of seemingness, and as it were lighter and darker shades and tones of semblancedifferent valeurs, as the painters say? Why might not the world WHICH CONCERNS USbe a fiction?
And to any one who suggested 'But to a fiction belongs an originator?'might it not be bluntly replied WHY? May not this 'belong' also belong to the fiction? Is it not at length permitted to be a little ironical towards the subject, just as towards the predicate and object? Might not the philosopher elevate himself above faith in grammar?
All respect to governesses, but is it not time that philosophy should renounce governessfaith? . O Voltaire! O humanity! O idiocy! There is something ticklish in 'the truth,' and in the SEARCH for the truth and if man goes about it too humanely'il ne cherche le vrai que pour faire le bien'I wager he finds nothing!
Supposing that nothing else is 'given' as real but our world of desires and passions, that we cannot sink or rise to any other 'reality' but just that of our impulsesfor thinking is only a relation of these impulses to one anotherare we not permitted to make the attempt and to ask the question whether this which is 'given' does not SUFFICE, by means of our counterparts, for the understanding even of the socalled mechanical (or 'material') world?
Not to assume several kinds of causality, so long as the attempt to get along with a single one has not been pushed to its furthest extent (to absurdity, if I may be allowed to say so) that is a morality of method which one may not repudiate nowadaysit follows 'from its definition,' as mathematicians say.
The question is ultimately whether we really recognize the will as OPERATING, whether we believe in the causality of the will if we do soand fundamentally our belief IN THIS is just our belief in causality itselfwe MUST make the attempt to posit hypothetically the causality of the will as the only causality.
'Will' can naturally only operate on 'will'and not on 'matter' (not on 'nerves,' for instance) in short, the hypothesis must be hazarded, whether will does not operate on will wherever 'effects' are recognizedand whether all mechanical action, inasmuch as a power operates therein, is not just the power of will, the effect of will.
Granted, finally, that we succeeded in explaining our entire instinctive life as the development and ramification of one fundamental form of willnamely, the Will to Power, as my thesis puts it granted that all organic functions could be traced back to this Will to Power, and that the solution of the problem of generation and nutritionit is one problemcould also be found therein one would thus have acquired the right to define ALL active force unequivocally as WILL TO POWER.
The world seen from within, the world defined and designated according to its 'intelligible character'it would simply be 'Will to Power,' and nothing else. . 'What? Does not that mean in popular language God is disproved, but not the devil?'On the contrary! On the contrary, my friends! And who the devil also compels you to speak popularly!
As happened finally in all the enlightenment of modern times with the French Revolution (that terrible farce, quite superfluous when judged close at hand, into which, however, the noble and visionary spectators of all Europe have interpreted from a distance their own indignation and enthusiasm so long and passionately, UNTIL THE TEXT HAS DISAPPEARED UNDER THE INTERPRETATION), so a noble posterity might once more misunderstand the whole of the past, and perhaps only thereby make ITS aspect endurable.Or rather, has not this already happened?
Have not we ourselves beenthat 'noble posterity'? And, in so far as we now comprehend this, is it notthereby already past? . Nobody will very readily regard a doctrine as true merely because it makes people happy or virtuousexcepting, perhaps, the amiable 'Idealists,' who are enthusiastic about the good, true, and beautiful, and let all kinds of motley, coarse, and goodnatured desirabilities swim about promiscuously in their pond.
A thing could be TRUE, although it were in the highest degree injurious and dangerous indeed, the fundamental constitution of existence might be such that one succumbed by a full knowledge of itso that the strength of a mind might be measured by the amount of 'truth' it could endureor to speak more plainly, by the extent to which it REQUIRED truth attenuated, veiled, sweetened, damped, and falsified.
But there is no doubt that for the discovery of certain PORTIONS of truth the wicked and unfortunate are more favourably situated and have a greater likelihood of success not to speak of the wicked who are happya species about whom moralists are silent. Perhaps severity and craft are more favourable conditions for the development of strong, independent spirits and philosophers than the gentle, refined, yielding goodnature, and habit of taking things easily, which are prized, and rightly prized in a learned man.
Presupposing always, to begin with, that the term 'philosopher' be not confined to the philosopher who writes books, or even introduces HIS philosophy into books!Stendhal furnishes a last feature of the portrait of the freespirited philosopher, which for the sake of German taste I will not omit to underlinefor it is OPPOSED to German taste.
'Pour etre bon philosophe,' says this last great psychologist, 'il faut etre sec, clair, sans illusion. Un banquier, qui a fait fortune, a une partie du caractere requis pour faire des decouvertes en philosophie, c'estadire pour voir clair dans ce qui est.' . Everything that is profound loves the mask the profoundest things have a hatred even of figure and likeness.
There are proceedings of such a delicate nature that it is well to overwhelm them with coarseness and make them unrecognizable there are actions of love and of an extravagant magnanimity after which nothing can be wiser than to take a stick and thrash the witness soundly one thereby obscures his recollection.
Many a one is able to obscure and abuse his own memory, in order at least to have vengeance on this sole party in the secret shame is inventive. They are not the worst things of which one is most ashamed there is not only deceit behind a maskthere is so much goodness in craft.
A man who has depths in his shame meets his destiny and his delicate decisions upon paths which few ever reach, and with regard to the existence of which his nearest and most intimate friends may be ignorant his mortal danger conceals itself from their eyes, and equally so his regained security.
Such a hidden nature, which instinctively employs speech for silence and concealment, and is inexhaustible in evasion of communication, DESIRES and insists that a mask of himself shall occupy his place in the hearts and heads of his friends and supposing he does not desire it, his eyes will some day be opened to the fact that there is nevertheless a mask of him thereand that it is well to be so.
Every profound spirit needs a mask nay, more, around every profound spirit there continually grows a mask, owing to the constantly false, that is to say, SUPERFICIAL interpretation of every word he utters, every step he takes, every sign of life he manifests. . One must subject oneself to one's own tests that one is destined for independence and command, and do so at the right time.
One must not avoid one's tests, although they constitute perhaps the most dangerous game one can play, and are in the end tests made only before ourselves and before no other judge. Not to cleave to any person, be it even the dearestevery person is a prison and also a recess.
Not to cleave to a fatherland, be it even the most suffering and necessitousit is even less difficult to detach one's heart from a victorious fatherland. Not to cleave to a sympathy, be it even for higher men, into whose peculiar torture and helplessness chance has given us an insight.
Not to cleave to a science, though it tempt one with the most valuable discoveries, apparently specially reserved for us. Not to cleave to one's own liberation, to the voluptuous distance and remoteness of the bird, which always flies further aloft in order always to see more under itthe danger of the flier.
Not to cleave to our own virtues, nor become as a whole a victim to any of our specialties, to our 'hospitality' for instance, which is the danger of dangers for highly developed and wealthy souls, who deal prodigally, almost indifferently with themselves, and push the virtue of liberality so far that it becomes a vice.
As far as I understand them, as far as they allow themselves to be understoodfor it is their nature to WISH to remain something of a puzzlethese philosophers of the future might rightly, perhaps also wrongly, claim to be designated as 'tempters.' This name itself is after all only an attempt, or, if it be preferred, a temptation.
. Will they be new friends of 'truth,' these coming philosophers? Very probably, for all philosophers hitherto have loved their truths. But assuredly they will not be dogmatists. It must be contrary to their pride, and also contrary to their taste, that their truth should still be truth for every onethat which has hitherto been the secret wish and ultimate purpose of all dogmatic efforts.
'My opinion is MY opinion another person has not easily a right to it'such a philosopher of the future will say, perhaps. One must renounce the bad taste of wishing to agree with many people. 'Good' is no longer good when one's neighbour takes it into his mouth. And how could there be a 'common good'!
The expression contradicts itself that which can be common is always of small value. In the end things must be as they are and have always beenthe great things remain for the great, the abysses for the profound, the delicacies and thrills for the refined, and, to sum up shortly, everything rare for the rare.
But while I say this, I feel under OBLIGATION almost as much to them as to ourselves (we free spirits who are their heralds and forerunners), to sweep away from ourselves altogether a stupid old prejudice and misunderstanding, which, like a fog, has too long made the conception of 'free spirit' obscure.
In every country of Europe, and the same in America, there is at present something which makes an abuse of this name a very narrow, prepossessed, enchained class of spirits, who desire almost the opposite of what our intentions and instincts promptnot to mention that in respect to the NEW philosophers who are appearing, they must still more be closed windows and bolted doors.
Briefly and regrettably, they belong to the LEVELLERS, these wrongly named 'free spirits'as glibtongued and scribefingered slaves of the democratic taste and its 'modern ideas' all of them men without solitude, without personal solitude, blunt honest fellows to whom neither courage nor honourable conduct ought to be denied, only, they are not free, and are ludicrously superficial, especially in their innate partiality for seeing the cause of almost ALL human misery and failure in the old forms in which society has hitherto existeda notion which happily inverts the truth entirely!
What they would fain attain with all their strength, is the universal, greenmeadow happiness of the herd, together with security, safety, comfort, and alleviation of life for every one, their two most frequently chanted songs and doctrines are called 'Equality of Rights' and 'Sympathy with All Sufferers'and suffering itself is looked upon by them as something which must be DONE AWAY WITH.
What wonder that we 'free spirits' are not exactly the most communicative spirits? that we do not wish to betray in every respect WHAT a spirit can free itself from, and WHERE perhaps it will then be driven? And as to the import of the dangerous formula, 'Beyond Good and Evil,' with which we at least avoid confusion, we ARE something else than 'librespenseurs,' 'liben pensatori' 'freethinkers,' and whatever these honest advocates of 'modern ideas' like to call themselves.
The human soul and its limits, the range of man's inner experiences hitherto attained, the heights, depths, and distances of these experiences, the entire history of the soul UP TO THE PRESENT TIME, and its still unexhausted possibilities this is the preordained huntingdomain for a born psychologist and lover of a 'big hunt'.
But how often must he say despairingly to himself 'A single individual! alas, only a single individual! and this great forest, this virgin forest!' So he would like to have some hundreds of hunting assistants, and fine trained hounds, that he could send into the history of the human soul, to drive HIS game together.
In vain again and again he experiences, profoundly and bitterly, how difficult it is to find assistants and dogs for all the things that directly excite his curiosity. The evil of sending scholars into new and dangerous huntingdomains, where courage, sagacity, and subtlety in every sense are required, is that they are no longer serviceable just when the 'BIG hunt,' and also the great danger commences,it is precisely then that they lose their keen eye and nose.
In order, for instance, to divine and determine what sort of history the problem of KNOWLEDGE AND CONSCIENCE has hitherto had in the souls of homines religiosi, a person would perhaps himself have to possess as profound, as bruised, as immense an experience as the intellectual conscience of Pascal and then he would still require that widespread heaven of clear, wicked spirituality, which, from above, would be able to oversee, arrange, and effectively formulize this mass of dangerous and painful experiences.But who could do me this service!
And who would have time to wait for such servants!they evidently appear too rarely, they are so improbable at all times! Eventually one must do everything ONESELF in order to know something which means that one has MUCH to do!But a curiosity like mine is once for all the most agreeable of vicespardon me!
There is cruelty and religious Phoenicianism in this faith, which is adapted to a tender, manysided, and very fastidious conscience, it takes for granted that the subjection of the spirit is indescribably PAINFUL, that all the past and all the habits of such a spirit resist the absurdissimum, in the form of which 'faith' comes to it.
Hitherto there had never and nowhere been such boldness in inversion, nor anything at once so dreadful, questioning, and questionable as this formula it promised a transvaluation of all ancient valuesIt was the Orient, the PROFOUND Orient, it was the Oriental slave who thus took revenge on Rome and its noble, lightminded toleration, on the Roman 'Catholicism' of nonfaith, and it was always not the faith, but the freedom from the faith, the halfstoical and smiling indifference to the seriousness of the faith, which made the slaves indignant at their masters and revolt against them.
'Enlightenment' causes revolt, for the slave desires the unconditioned, he understands nothing but the tyrannous, even in morals, he loves as he hates, without NUANCE, to the very depths, to the point of pain, to the point of sicknesshis many HIDDEN sufferings make him revolt against the noble taste which seems to DENY suffering.
Wherever the religious neurosis has appeared on the earth so far, we find it connected with three dangerous prescriptions as to regimen solitude, fasting, and sexual abstinencebut without its being possible to determine with certainty which is cause and which is effect, or IF any relation at all of cause and effect exists there.
But nowhere is it MORE obligatory to put aside explanations around no other type has there grown such a mass of absurdity and superstition, no other type seems to have been more interesting to men and even to philosophersperhaps it is time to become just a little indifferent here, to learn caution, or, better still, to look AWAY, TO GO AWAYYet in the background of the most recent philosophy, that of Schopenhauer, we find almost as the problem in itself, this terrible note of interrogation of the religious crisis and awakening.
The hitherto existing psychology was wrecked at this point, is it not possible it may have happened principally because psychology had placed itself under the dominion of morals, because it BELIEVED in oppositions of moral values, and saw, read, and INTERPRETED these oppositions into the text and facts of the case?
It seems that the Latin races are far more deeply attached to their Catholicism than we Northerners are to Christianity generally, and that consequently unbelief in Catholic countries means something quite different from what it does among Protestantsnamely, a sort of revolt against the spirit of the race, while with us it is rather a return to the spirit (or nonspirit) of the race.
We Northerners undoubtedly derive our origin from barbarous races, even as regards our talents for religionwe have POOR talents for it. One may make an exception in the case of the Celts, who have theretofore furnished also the best soil for Christian infection in the North the Christian ideal blossomed forth in France as much as ever the pale sun of the north would allow it.
How strangely pious for our taste are still these later French skeptics, whenever there is any Celtic blood in their origin! How Catholic, how unGerman does Auguste Comte's Sociology seem to us, with the Roman logic of its instincts! How Jesuitical, that amiable and shrewd cicerone of Port Royal, SainteBeuve, in spite of all his hostility to Jesuits!
Let us repeat after him these fine sentencesand what wickedness and haughtiness is immediately aroused by way of answer in our probably less beautiful but harder souls, that is to say, in our more German souls!'DISONS DONC HARDIMENT QUE LA RELIGION EST UN PRODUIT DE L'HOMME NORMAL, QUE L'HOMME EST LE PLUS DANS LE VRAI QUANT IL EST LE PLUS RELIGIEUX ET LE PLUS ASSURE D'UNE DESTINEE INFINIE....
These sentences are so extremely ANTIPODAL to my ears and habits of thought, that in my first impulse of rage on finding them, I wrote on the margin, 'LA NIAISERIE RELIGIEUSE PAR EXCELLENCE!'until in my later rage I even took a fancy to them, these sentences with their truth absolutely inverted!
That which is so astonishing in the religious life of the ancient Greeks is the irrestrainable stream of GRATITUDE which it pours forthit is a very superior kind of man who takes SUCH an attitude towards nature and life.Later on, when the populace got the upper hand in Greece, FEAR became rampant also in religion and Christianity was preparing itself.
. The passion for God there are churlish, honesthearted, and importunate kinds of it, like that of Lutherthe whole of Protestantism lacks the southern DELICATEZZA. There is an Oriental exaltation of the mind in it, like that of an undeservedly favoured or elevated slave, as in the case of St.
Augustine, for instance, who lacks in an offensive manner, all nobility in bearing and desires. There is a feminine tenderness and sensuality in it, which modestly and unconsciously longs for a UNIO MYSTICA ET PHYSICA, as in the case of Madame de Guyon. In many cases it appears, curiously enough, as the disguise of a girl's or youth's puberty here and there even as the hysteria of an old maid, also as her last ambition.
They divined in himand as it were behind the questionableness of his frail and wretched appearancethe superior force which wished to test itself by such a subjugation the strength of will, in which they recognized their own strength and love of power, and knew how to honour it they honoured something in themselves when they honoured the saint.
In addition to this, the contemplation of the saint suggested to them a suspicion such an enormity of selfnegation and antinaturalness will not have been coveted for nothingthey have said, inquiringly. There is perhaps a reason for it, some very great danger, about which the ascetic might wish to be more accurately informed through his secret interlocutors and visitors?
In a word, the mighty ones of the world learned to have a new fear before him, they divined a new power, a strange, still unconquered enemyit was the 'Will to Power' which obliged them to halt before the saint. They had to question him. . In the Jewish 'Old Testament,' the book of divine justice, there are men, things, and sayings on such an immense scale, that Greek and Indian literature has nothing to compare with it.
To have bound up this New Testament (a kind of ROCOCO of taste in every respect) along with the Old Testament into one book, as the 'Bible,' as 'The Book in Itself,' is perhaps the greatest audacity and 'sin against the Spirit' which literary Europe has upon its conscience. .
The worst is that he seems incapable of communicating himself clearly is he uncertain?This is what I have made out (by questioning and listening at a variety of conversations) to be the cause of the decline of European theism it appears to me that though the religious instinct is in vigorous growth,it rejects the theistic satisfaction with profound distrust.
Since Descartesand indeed more in defiance of him than on the basis of his procedurean ATTENTAT has been made on the part of all philosophers on the old conception of the soul, under the guise of a criticism of the subject and predicate conceptionthat is to say, an ATTENTAT on the fundamental presupposition of Christian doctrine.
Modern philosophy, as epistemological skepticism, is secretly or openly ANTICHRISTIAN, although (for keener ears, be it said) by no means antireligious. Formerly, in effect, one believed in 'the soul' as one believed in grammar and the grammatical subject one said, 'I' is the condition, 'think' is the predicate and is conditionedto think is an activity for which one MUST suppose a subject as cause.
KANT really wished to prove that, starting from the subject, the subject could not be provednor the object either the possibility of an APPARENT EXISTENCE of the subject, and therefore of 'the soul,' may not always have been strange to him,the thought which once had an immense power on earth as the Vedanta philosophy.
Once on a time men sacrificed human beings to their God, and perhaps just those they loved the bestto this category belong the firstling sacrifices of all primitive religions, and also the sacrifice of the Emperor Tiberius in the MithraGrotto on the Island of Capri, that most terrible of all Roman anachronisms.
Then, during the moral epoch of mankind, they sacrificed to their God the strongest instincts they possessed, their 'nature' THIS festal joy shines in the cruel glances of ascetics and 'antinatural' fanatics. Finally, what still remained to be sacrificed? Was it not necessary in the end for men to sacrifice everything comforting, holy, healing, all hope, all faith in hidden harmonies, in future blessedness and justice?
And this would not becirculus vitiosus deus? . The distance, and as it were the space around man, grows with the strength of his intellectual vision and insight his world becomes profounder new stars, new enigmas, and notions are ever coming into view. Perhaps everything on which the intellectual eye has exercised its acuteness and profundity has just been an occasion for its exercise, something of a game, something for children and childish minds.
Perhaps the most solemn conceptions that have caused the most fighting and suffering, the conceptions 'God' and 'sin,' will one day seem to us of no more importance than a child's plaything or a child's pain seems to an old manand perhaps another plaything and another pain will then be necessary once more for 'the old man'always childish enough, an eternal child!
Has it been observed to what extent outward idleness, or semiidleness, is necessary to a real religious life (alike for its favourite microscopic labour of selfexamination, and for its soft placidity called 'prayer,' the state of perpetual readiness for the 'coming of God'), I mean the idleness with a good conscience, the idleness of olden times and of blood, to which the aristocratic sentiment that work is DISHONOURINGthat it vulgarizes body and soulis not quite unfamiliar?
Among these, for instance, who are at present living apart from religion in Germany, I find 'freethinkers' of diversified species and origin, but above all a majority of those in whom laboriousness from generation to generation has dissolved the religious instincts so that they no longer know what purpose religions serve, and only note their existence in the world with a kind of dull astonishment.
They feel themselves already fully occupied, these good people, be it by their business or by their pleasures, not to mention the 'Fatherland,' and the newspapers, and their 'family duties' it seems that they have no time whatever left for religion and above all, it is not obvious to them whether it is a question of a new business or a new pleasurefor it is impossible, they say to themselves, that people should go to church merely to spoil their tempers.
They are by no means enemies of religious customs should certain circumstances, State affairs perhaps, require their participation in such customs, they do what is required, as so many things are donewith a patient and unassuming seriousness, and without much curiosity or discomfortthey live too much apart and outside to feel even the necessity for a FOR or AGAINST in such matters.
Among those indifferent persons may be reckoned nowadays the majority of German Protestants of the middle classes, especially in the great laborious centres of trade and commerce also the majority of laborious scholars, and the entire University personnel (with the exception of the theologians, whose existence and possibility there always gives psychologists new and more subtle puzzles to solve).
On the part of pious, or merely churchgoing people, there is seldom any idea of HOW MUCH goodwill, one might say arbitrary will, is now necessary for a German scholar to take the problem of religion seriously his whole profession (and as I have said, his whole workmanlike laboriousness, to which he is compelled by his modern conscience) inclines him to a lofty and almost charitable serenity as regards religion, with which is occasionally mingled a slight disdain for the 'uncleanliness' of spirit which he takes for granted wherever any one still professes to belong to the Church.
It is only with the help of history (NOT through his own personal experience, therefore) that the scholar succeeds in bringing himself to a respectful seriousness, and to a certain timid deference in presence of religions but even when his sentiments have reached the stage of gratitude towards them, he has not personally advanced one step nearer to that which still maintains itself as Church or as piety perhaps even the contrary.
Here and there one finds a passionate and exaggerated adoration of 'pure forms' in philosophers as well as in artists it is not to be doubted that whoever has NEED of the cult of the superficial to that extent, has at one time or another made an unlucky dive BENEATH it.
Perhaps there is even an order of rank with respect to those burnt children, the born artists who find the enjoyment of life only in trying to FALSIFY its image (as if taking wearisome revenge on it), one might guess to what degree life has disgusted them, by the extent to which they wish to see its image falsified, attenuated, ultrified, and deified,one might reckon the homines religiosi among the artists, as their HIGHEST rank.
It is the profound, suspicious fear of an incurable pessimism which compels whole centuries to fasten their teeth into a religious interpretation of existence the fear of the instinct which divines that truth might be attained TOO soon, before man has become strong enough, hard enough, artist enough.... Piety, the 'Life in God,' regarded in this light, would appear as the most elaborate and ultimate product of the FEAR of truth, as artistadoration and artistintoxication in presence of the most logical of all falsifications, as the will to the inversion of truth, to untruth at any price.
Perhaps there has hitherto been no more effective means of beautifying man than piety, by means of it man can become so artful, so superficial, so iridescent, and so good, that his appearance no longer offends. . To love mankind FOR GOD'S SAKEthis has so far been the noblest and remotest sentiment to which mankind has attained.
That love to mankind, without any redeeming intention in the background, is only an ADDITIONAL folly and brutishness, that the inclination to this love has first to get its proportion, its delicacy, its gram of salt and sprinkling of ambergris from a higher inclinationwhoever first perceived and 'experienced' this, however his tongue may have stammered as it attempted to express such a delicate matter, let him for all time be holy and respected, as the man who has so far flown highest and gone astray in the finest fashion!
. The philosopher, as WE free spirits understand himas the man of the greatest responsibility, who has the conscience for the general development of mankind,will use religion for his disciplining and educating work, just as he will use the contemporary political and economic conditions. The selecting and disciplining influencedestructive, as well as creative and fashioningwhich can be exercised by means of religion is manifold and varied, according to the sort of people placed under its spell and protection.
For those who are strong and independent, destined and trained to command, in whom the judgment and skill of a ruling race is incorporated, religion is an additional means for overcoming resistance in the exercise of authorityas a bond which binds rulers and subjects in common, betraying and surrendering to the former the conscience of the latter, their inmost heart, which would fain escape obedience.
And in the case of the unique natures of noble origin, if by virtue of superior spirituality they should incline to a more retired and contemplative life, reserving to themselves only the more refined forms of government (over chosen disciples or members of an order), religion itself may be used as a means for obtaining peace from the noise and trouble of managing GROSSER affairs, and for securing immunity from the UNAVOIDABLE filth of all political agitation.
The Brahmins, for instance, understood this fact. With the help of a religious organization, they secured to themselves the power of nominating kings for the people, while their sentiments prompted them to keep apart and outside, as men with a higher and superregal mission. At the same time religion gives inducement and opportunity to some of the subjects to qualify themselves for future ruling and commanding the slowly ascending ranks and classes, in which, through fortunate marriage customs, volitional power and delight in selfcontrol are on the increase.
To them religion offers sufficient incentives and temptations to aspire to higher intellectuality, and to experience the sentiments of authoritative selfcontrol, of silence, and of solitude. Asceticism and Puritanism are almost indispensable means of educating and ennobling a race which seeks to rise above its hereditary baseness and work itself upwards to future supremacy.
And finally, to ordinary men, to the majority of the people, who exist for service and general utility, and are only so far entitled to exist, religion gives invaluable contentedness with their lot and condition, peace of heart, ennoblement of obedience, additional social happiness and sympathy, with something of transfiguration and embellishment, something of justification of all the commonplaceness, all the meanness, all the semianimal poverty of their souls.
Religion, together with the religious significance of life, sheds sunshine over such perpetually harassed men, and makes even their own aspect endurable to them, it operates upon them as the Epicurean philosophy usually operates upon sufferers of a higher order, in a refreshing and refining manner, almost TURNING suffering TO ACCOUNT, and in the end even hallowing and vindicating it.
There is perhaps nothing so admirable in Christianity and Buddhism as their art of teaching even the lowest to elevate themselves by piety to a seemingly higher order of things, and thereby to retain their satisfaction with the actual world in which they find it difficult enough to livethis very difficulty being necessary.
To be sureto make also the bad counterreckoning against such religions, and to bring to light their secret dangersthe cost is always excessive and terrible when religions do NOT operate as an educational and disciplinary medium in the hands of the philosopher, but rule voluntarily and PARAMOUNTLY, when they wish to be the final end, and not a means along with other means.
Among men, as among all other animals, there is a surplus of defective, diseased, degenerating, infirm, and necessarily suffering individuals the successful cases, among men also, are always the exception and in view of the fact that man is THE ANIMAL NOT YET PROPERLY ADAPTED TO HIS ENVIRONMENT, the rare exception.
The higher the type a man represents, the greater is the improbability that he will SUCCEED the accidental, the law of irrationality in the general constitution of mankind, manifests itself most terribly in its destructive effect on the higher orders of men, the conditions of whose lives are delicate, diverse, and difficult to determine.
They endeavour to preserve and keep alive whatever can be preserved in fact, as the religions FOR SUFFERERS, they take the part of these upon principle they are always in favour of those who suffer from life as from a disease, and they would fain treat every other experience of life as false and impossible.
However highly we may esteem this indulgent and preservative care (inasmuch as in applying to others, it has applied, and applies also to the highest and usually the most suffering type of man), the hitherto PARAMOUNT religionsto give a general appreciation of themare among the principal causes which have kept the type of 'man' upon a lower levelthey have preserved too much THAT WHICH SHOULD HAVE PERISHED.
But when they had given comfort to the sufferers, courage to the oppressed and despairing, a staff and support to the helpless, and when they had allured from society into convents and spiritual penitentiaries the brokenhearted and distracted what else had they to do in order to work systematically in that fashion, and with a good conscience, for the preservation of all the sick and suffering, which means, in deed and in truth, to work for the DETERIORATION OF THE EUROPEAN RACE?
And to shatter the strong, to spoil great hopes, to cast suspicion on the delight in beauty, to break down everything autonomous, manly, conquering, and imperiousall instincts which are natural to the highest and most successful type of 'man'into uncertainty, distress of conscience, and selfdestruction forsooth, to invert all love of the earthly and of supremacy over the earth, into hatred of the earth and earthly thingsTHAT is the task the Church imposed on itself, and was obliged to impose, until, according to its standard of value, 'unworldliness,' 'unsensuousness,' and 'higher man' fused into one sentiment.
If one could observe the strangely painful, equally coarse and refined comedy of European Christianity with the derisive and impartial eye of an Epicurean god, I should think one would never cease marvelling and laughing does it not actually seem that some single will has ruled over Europe for eighteen centuries in order to make a SUBLIME ABORTION of man?
He, however, who, with opposite requirements (no longer Epicurean) and with some divine hammer in his hand, could approach this almost voluntary degeneration and stunting of mankind, as exemplified in the European Christian (Pascal, for instance), would he not have to cry aloud with rage, pity, and horror 'Oh, you bunglers, presumptuous pitiful bunglers, what have you done!
Men, not great enough, nor hard enough, to be entitled as artists to take part in fashioning MAN men, not sufficiently strong and farsighted to ALLOW, with sublime selfconstraint, the obvious law of the thousandfold failures and perishings to prevail men, not sufficiently noble to see the radically different grades of rank and intervals of rank that separate man from manSUCH men, with their 'equality before God,' have hitherto swayed the destiny of Europe until at last a dwarfed, almost ludicrous species has been produced, a gregarious animal, something obliging, sickly, mediocre, the European of the present day.
. He who is a thorough teacher takes things seriouslyand even himselfonly in relation to his pupils. . 'Knowledge for its own sake'that is the last snare laid by morality we are thereby completely entangled in morals once more. . The charm of knowledge would be small, were it not so much shame has to be overcome on the way to it.
A. We are most dishonourable towards our God he is not PERMITTED to sin. . The tendency of a person to allow himself to be degraded, robbed, deceived, and exploited might be the diffidence of a God among men. . Love to one only is a barbarity, for it is exercised at the expense of all others.
Love to God also! . 'I did that,' says my memory. 'I could not have done that,' says my pride, and remains inexorable. Eventuallythe memory yields. . One has regarded life carelessly, if one has failed to see the hand thatkills with leniency. . If a man has character, he has also his typical experience, which always recurs.
. THE SAGE AS ASTRONOMER.So long as thou feelest the stars as an 'above thee,' thou lackest the eye of the discerning one. . It is not the strength, but the duration of great sentiments that makes great men. . He who attains his ideal, precisely thereby surpasses it. A.
Many a peacock hides his tail from every eyeand calls it his pride. . A man of genius is unbearable, unless he possess at least two things besides gratitude and purity. . The degree and nature of a man's sensuality extends to the highest altitudes of his spirit. . Under peaceful conditions the militant man attacks himself.
. With his principles a man seeks either to dominate, or justify, or honour, or reproach, or conceal his habits two men with the same principles probably seek fundamentally different ends therewith. . He who despises himself, nevertheless esteems himself thereby, as a despiser. . A soul which knows that it is loved, but does not itself love, betrays its sediment its dregs come up.
. A thing that is explained ceases to concern usWhat did the God mean who gave the advice, 'Know thyself!' Did it perhaps imply 'Cease to be concerned about thyself! become objective!'And Socrates?And the 'scientific man'? . It is terrible to die of thirst at sea. Is it necessary that you should so salt your truth that it will no longerquench thirst?
. 'Sympathy for all'would be harshness and tyranny for THEE, my good neighbour. . INSTINCTWhen the house is on fire one forgets even the dinnerYes, but one recovers it from among the ashes. . Woman learns how to hate in proportion as sheforgets how to charm. . The same emotions are in man and woman, but in different TEMPO, on that account man and woman never cease to misunderstand each other.
. In the background of all their personal vanity, women themselves have still their impersonal scornfor 'woman'. . FETTERED HEART, FREE SPIRITWhen one firmly fetters one's heart and keeps it prisoner, one can allow one's spirit many liberties I said this once before But people do not believe it when I say so, unless they know it already.
. One begins to distrust very clever persons when they become embarrassed. . Dreadful experiences raise the question whether he who experiences them is not something dreadful also. . Heavy, melancholy men turn lighter, and come temporarily to their surface, precisely by that which makes others heavyby hatred and love.
. So cold, so icy, that one burns one's finger at the touch of him! Every hand that lays hold of him shrinks back!And for that very reason many think him redhot. . Who has not, at one time or anothersacrificed himself for the sake of his good name? .
In affability there is no hatred of men, but precisely on that account a great deal too much contempt of men. . The maturity of manthat means, to have reacquired the seriousness that one had as a child at play. . To be ashamed of one's immorality is a step on the ladder at the end of which one is ashamed also of one's morality.
. One should part from life as Ulysses parted from Nausicaablessing it rather than in love with it. . What? A great man? I always see merely the playactor of his own ideal. . When one trains one's conscience, it kisses one while it bites. . THE DISAPPOINTED ONE SPEAKS'I listened for the echo and I heard only praise.' .
We all feign to ourselves that we are simpler than we are, we thus relax ourselves away from our fellows. . A discerning one might easily regard himself at present as the animalization of God. . Discovering reciprocal love should really disenchant the lover with regard to the beloved. 'What!
She is modest enough to love even you? Or stupid enough? Oror' . THE DANGER IN HAPPINESS.'Everything now turns out best for me, I now love every fatewho would like to be my fate?' . Not their love of humanity, but the impotence of their love, prevents the Christians of todayburning us.
. The pia fraus is still more repugnant to the taste (the 'piety') of the free spirit (the 'pious man of knowledge') than the impia fraus. Hence the profound lack of judgment, in comparison with the Church, characteristic of the type 'free spirit'as ITS nonfreedom. . By means of music the very passions enjoy themselves.
. A sign of strong character, when once the resolution has been taken, to shut the ear even to the best counterarguments. Occasionally, therefore, a will to stupidity. . There is no such thing as moral phenomena, but only a moral interpretation of phenomena. . The criminal is often enough not equal to his deed he extenuates and maligns it.
. The advocates of a criminal are seldom artists enough to turn the beautiful terribleness of the deed to the advantage of the doer. . Our vanity is most difficult to wound just when our pride has been wounded. . To him who feels himself preordained to contemplation and not to belief, all believers are too noisy and obtrusive he guards against them.
. 'You want to prepossess him in your favour? Then you must be embarrassed before him.' . The immense expectation with regard to sexual love, and the coyness in this expectation, spoils all the perspectives of women at the outset. . Where there is neither love nor hatred in the game, woman's play is mediocre.
. The great epochs of our life are at the points when we gain courage to rebaptize our badness as the best in us. . The will to overcome an emotion, is ultimately only the will of another, or of several other, emotions. . There is an innocence of admiration it is possessed by him to whom it has not yet occurred that he himself may be admired some day.
. Our loathing of dirt may be so great as to prevent our cleaning ourselves'justifying' ourselves. . Sensuality often forces the growth of love too much, so that its root remains weak, and is easily torn up. . It is a curious thing that God learned Greek when he wished to turn authorand that he did not learn it better.
. To rejoice on account of praise is in many cases merely politeness of heartand the very opposite of vanity of spirit. . Even concubinage has been corruptedby marriage. . He who exults at the stake, does not triumph over pain, but because of the fact that he does not feel pain where he expected it.
A parable. . When we have to change an opinion about any one, we charge heavily to his account the inconvenience he thereby causes us. . A nation is a detour of nature to arrive at six or seven great men.Yes, and then to get round them. . In the eyes of all true women science is hostile to the sense of shame.
They feel as if one wished to peep under their skin with itor worse still! under their dress and finery. . The more abstract the truth you wish to teach, the more must you allure the senses to it. . The devil has the most extensive perspectives for God on that account he keeps so far away from himthe devil, in effect, as the oldest friend of knowledge.
. What a person IS begins to betray itself when his talent decreases,when he ceases to show what he CAN do. Talent is also an adornment an adornment is also a concealment. . The sexes deceive themselves about each other the reason is that in reality they honour and love only themselves (or their own ideal, to express it more agreeably).
Thus man wishes woman to be peaceable but in fact woman is ESSENTIALLY unpeaceable, like the cat, however well she may have assumed the peaceable demeanour. . One is punished best for one's virtues. . He who cannot find the way to HIS ideal, lives more frivolously and shamelessly than the man without an ideal.
. From the senses originate all trustworthiness, all good conscience, all evidence of truth. . Pharisaism is not a deterioration of the good man a considerable part of it is rather an essential condition of being good. . The one seeks an accoucheur for his thoughts, the other seeks some one whom he can assist a good conversation thus originates.
. In intercourse with scholars and artists one readily makes mistakes of opposite kinds in a remarkable scholar one not infrequently finds a mediocre man and often, even in a mediocre artist, one finds a very remarkable man. . We do the same when awake as when dreaming we only invent and imagine him with whom we have intercourseand forget it immediately.
. In revenge and in love woman is more barbarous than man. . ADVICE AS A RIDDLE.'If the band is not to break, bite it firstsecure to make!' . The belly is the reason why man does not so readily take himself for a God. . The chastest utterance I ever heard 'Dans le veritable amour c'est l'ame qui enveloppe le corps.' .
Our vanity would like what we do best to pass precisely for what is most difficult to us.Concerning the origin of many systems of morals. . When a woman has scholarly inclinations there is generally something wrong with her sexual nature. Barrenness itself conduces to a certain virility of taste man, indeed, if I may say so, is 'the barren animal.' .
Comparing man and woman generally, one may say that woman would not have the genius for adornment, if she had not the instinct for the SECONDARY role. . He who fights with monsters should be careful lest he thereby become a monster. And if thou gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will also gaze into thee.
. From old Florentine novelsmoreover, from life Buona femmina e mala femmina vuol bastone.Sacchetti, Nov. . . To seduce their neighbour to a favourable opinion, and afterwards to believe implicitly in this opinion of their neighbourwho can do this conjuring trick so well as women? . That which an age considers evil is usually an unseasonable echo of what was formerly considered goodthe atavism of an old ideal.
. Around the hero everything becomes a tragedy around the demigod everything becomes a satyrplay and around God everything becomeswhat? perhaps a 'world'? . It is not enough to possess a talent one must also have your permission to possess iteh, my friends? . 'Where there is the tree of knowledge, there is always Paradise' so say the most ancient and the most modern serpents.
. What is done out of love always takes place beyond good and evil. . Objection, evasion, joyous distrust, and love of irony are signs of health everything absolute belongs to pathology. . The sense of the tragic increases and declines with sensuousness. . Insanity in individuals is something rarebut in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.
. The thought of suicide is a great consolation by means of it one gets successfully through many a bad night. . Not only our reason, but also our conscience, truckles to our strongest impulsethe tyrant in us. . One MUST repay good and ill but why just to the person who did us good or ill?
. One no longer loves one's knowledge sufficiently after one has communicated it. . Poets act shamelessly towards their experiences they exploit them. . 'Our fellowcreature is not our neighbour, but our neighbour's neighbour'so thinks every nation. . Love brings to light the noble and hidden qualities of a loverhis rare and exceptional traits it is thus liable to be deceptive as to his normal character.
. Jesus said to his Jews 'The law was for servantslove God as I love him, as his Son! What have we Sons of God to do with morals!' . IN SIGHT OF EVERY PARTY.A shepherd has always need of a bellwetheror he has himself to be a wether occasionally.
. One may indeed lie with the mouth but with the accompanying grimace one nevertheless tells the truth. . To vigorous men intimacy is a matter of shameand something precious. . Christianity gave Eros poison to drink he did not die of it, certainly, but degenerated to Vice. . To talk much about oneself may also be a means of concealing oneself.
. In praise there is more obtrusiveness than in blame. . Pity has an almost ludicrous effect on a man of knowledge, like tender hands on a Cyclops. . One occasionally embraces some one or other, out of love to mankind (because one cannot embrace all) but this is what one must never confess to the individual.
. One does not hate as long as one disesteems, but only when one esteems equal or superior. . Ye Utilitariansye, too, love the UTILE only as a VEHICLE for your inclinations,ye, too, really find the noise of its wheels insupportable! . One loves ultimately one's desires, not the thing desired.
. The vanity of others is only counter to our taste when it is counter to our vanity. . With regard to what 'truthfulness' is, perhaps nobody has ever been sufficiently truthful. . One does not believe in the follies of clever men what a forfeiture of the rights of man!
. The consequences of our actions seize us by the forelock, very indifferent to the fact that we have meanwhile 'reformed.' . There is an innocence in lying which is the sign of good faith in a cause. . It is inhuman to bless when one is being cursed. .
The familiarity of superiors embitters one, because it may not be returned. . 'I am affected, not because you have deceived me, but because I can no longer believe in you.' . There is a haughtiness of kindness which has the appearance of wickedness. . 'I dislike him.'Why?'I am not a match for him.'Did any one ever answer so?
. The moral sentiment in Europe at present is perhaps as subtle, belated, diverse, sensitive, and refined, as the 'Science of Morals' belonging thereto is recent, initial, awkward, and coarsefingeredan interesting contrast, which sometimes becomes incarnate and obvious in the very person of a moralist. Indeed, the expression, 'Science of Morals' is, in respect to what is designated thereby, far too presumptuous and counter to GOOD taste,which is always a foretaste of more modest expressions.
One ought to avow with the utmost fairness WHAT is still necessary here for a long time, WHAT is alone proper for the present namely, the collection of material, the comprehensive survey and classification of an immense domain of delicate sentiments of worth, and distinctions of worth, which live, grow, propagate, and perishand perhaps attempts to give a clear idea of the recurring and more common forms of these living crystallizationsas preparation for a THEORY OF TYPES of morality.
All the philosophers, with a pedantic and ridiculous seriousness, demanded of themselves something very much higher, more pretentious, and ceremonious, when they concerned themselves with morality as a science they wanted to GIVE A BASIC to moralityand every philosopher hitherto has believed that he has given it a basis morality itself, however, has been regarded as something 'given.' How far from their awkward pride was the seemingly insignificant problemleft in dust and decayof a description of forms of morality, notwithstanding that the finest hands and senses could hardly be fine enough for it!
It was precisely owing to moral philosophers' knowing the moral facts imperfectly, in an arbitrary epitome, or an accidental abridgementperhaps as the morality of their environment, their position, their church, their Zeitgeist, their climate and zoneit was precisely because they were badly instructed with regard to nations, eras, and past ages, and were by no means eager to know about these matters, that they did not even come in sight of the real problems of moralsproblems which only disclose themselves by a comparison of MANY kinds of morality.
That which philosophers called 'giving a basis to morality,' and endeavoured to realize, has, when seen in a right light, proved merely a learned form of good FAITH in prevailing morality, a new means of its EXPRESSION, consequently just a matteroffact within the sphere of a definite morality, yea, in its ultimate motive, a sort of denial that it is LAWFUL for this morality to be called in questionand in any case the reverse of the testing, analyzing, doubting, and vivisecting of this very faith.
Hear, for instance, with what innocencealmost worthy of honourSchopenhauer represents his own task, and draw your conclusions concerning the scientificness of a 'Science' whose latest master still talks in the strain of children and old wives 'The principle,' he says (page  of the Grundprobleme der Ethik), Footnote Pages  of Schopenhauer's Basis of Morality, translated by Arthur B.
the REAL basis of ethics which has been sought, like the philosopher's stone, for centuries.'The difficulty of establishing the proposition referred to may indeed be greatit is well known that Schopenhauer also was unsuccessful in his efforts and whoever has thoroughly realized how absurdly false and sentimental this proposition is, in a world whose essence is Will to Power, may be reminded that Schopenhauer, although a pessimist, ACTUALLYplayed the flute...
daily after dinner one may read about the matter in his biography. A question by the way a pessimist, a repudiator of God and of the world, who MAKES A HALT at moralitywho assents to morality, and plays the flute to laedeneminem morals, what? Is that reallya pessimist? . Apart from the value of such assertions as 'there is a categorical imperative in us,' one can always ask What does such an assertion indicate about him who makes it?
In contrast to laisseraller, every system of morals is a sort of tyranny against 'nature' and also against 'reason', that is, however, no objection, unless one should again decree by some system of morals, that all kinds of tyranny and unreasonableness are unlawful What is essential and invaluable in every system of morals, is that it is a long constraint.
How much trouble have the poets and orators of every nation given themselves!not excepting some of the prose writers of today, in whose ear dwells an inexorable conscientiousness'for the sake of a folly,' as utilitarian bunglers say, and thereby deem themselves wise'from submission to arbitrary laws,' as the anarchists say, and thereby fancy themselves 'free,' even freespirited.
The singular fact remains, however, that everything of the nature of freedom, elegance, boldness, dance, and masterly certainty, which exists or has existed, whether it be in thought itself, or in administration, or in speaking and persuading, in art just as in conduct, has only developed by means of the tyranny of such arbitrary law, and in all seriousness, it is not at all improbable that precisely this is 'nature' and 'natural'and not laisseraller!
Every artist knows how different from the state of letting himself go, is his 'most natural' condition, the free arranging, locating, disposing, and constructing in the moments of 'inspiration'and how strictly and delicately he then obeys a thousand laws, which, by their very rigidness and precision, defy all formulation by means of ideas (even the most stable idea has, in comparison therewith, something floating, manifold, and ambiguous in it).
The essential thing 'in heaven and in earth' is, apparently (to repeat it once more), that there should be long OBEDIENCE in the same direction, there thereby results, and has always resulted in the long run, something which has made life worth living for instance, virtue, art, music, dancing, reason, spiritualityanything whatever that is transfiguring, refined, foolish, or divine.
One may look at every system of morals in this light it is 'nature' therein which teaches to hate the laisseraller, the too great freedom, and implants the need for limited horizons, for immediate dutiesit teaches the NARROWING OF PERSPECTIVES, and thus, in a certain sense, that stupidity is a condition of life and development.
'Thou must obey some one, and for a long time OTHERWISE thou wilt come to grief, and lose all respect for thyself'this seems to me to be the moral imperative of nature, which is certainly neither 'categorical,' as old Kant wished (consequently the 'otherwise'), nor does it address itself to the individual (what does nature care for the individual!), but to nations, races, ages, and ranks above all, however, to the animal 'man' generally, to MANKIND.
Industrious races find it a great hardship to be idle it was a master stroke of ENGLISH instinct to hallow and begloom Sunday to such an extent that the Englishman unconsciously hankers for his weekand workday againas a kind of cleverly devised, cleverly intercalated FAST, such as is also frequently found in the ancient world (although, as is appropriate in southern nations, not precisely with respect to work).
. There is something in the morality of Plato which does not really belong to Plato, but which only appears in his philosophy, one might say, in spite of him namely, Socratism, for which he himself was too noble. 'No one desires to injure himself, hence all evil is done unwittingly.
The evil man, therefore, is only evil through error if one free him from error one will necessarily make himgood.'This mode of reasoning savours of the POPULACE, who perceive only the unpleasant consequences of evildoing, and practically judge that 'it is STUPID to do wrong' while they accept 'good' as identical with 'useful and pleasant,' without further thought.
As regards every system of utilitarianism, one may at once assume that it has the same origin, and follow the scent one will seldom err.Plato did all he could to interpret something refined and noble into the tenets of his teacher, and above all to interpret himself into themhe, the most daring of all interpreters, who lifted the entire Socrates out of the street, as a popular theme and song, to exhibit him in endless and impossible modificationsnamely, in all his own disguises and multiplicities.
The old theological problem of 'Faith' and 'Knowledge,' or more plainly, of instinct and reasonthe question whether, in respect to the valuation of things, instinct deserves more authority than rationality, which wants to appreciate and act according to motives, according to a 'Why,' that is to say, in conformity to purpose and utilityit is always the old moral problem that first appeared in the person of Socrates, and had divided men's minds long before Christianity.
Socrates himself, following, of course, the taste of his talentthat of a surpassing dialecticiantook first the side of reason and, in fact, what did he do all his life but laugh at the awkward incapacity of the noble Athenians, who were men of instinct, like all noble men, and could never give satisfactory answers concerning the motives of their actions?
Whoever has followed the history of a single science, finds in its development a clue to the understanding of the oldest and commonest processes of all 'knowledge and cognizance' there, as here, the premature hypotheses, the fictions, the good stupid will to 'belief,' and the lack of distrust and patience are first developedour senses learn late, and never learn completely, to be subtle, reliable, and cautious organs of knowledge.
Our eyes find it easier on a given occasion to produce a picture already often produced, than to seize upon the divergence and novelty of an impression the latter requires more force, more 'morality.' It is difficult and painful for the ear to listen to anything new we hear strange music badly.
Even in the midst of the most remarkable experiences, we still do just the same we fabricate the greater part of the experience, and can hardly be made to contemplate any event, EXCEPT as 'inventors' thereof. All this goes to prove that from our fundamental nature and from remote ages we have beenACCUSTOMED TO LYING.
Or, to express it more politely and hypocritically, in short, more pleasantlyone is much more of an artist than one is aware of.In an animated conversation, I often see the face of the person with whom I am speaking so clearly and sharply defined before me, according to the thought he expresses, or which I believe to be evoked in his mind, that the degree of distinctness far exceeds the STRENGTH of my visual facultythe delicacy of the play of the muscles and of the expression of the eyes MUST therefore be imagined by me.
What we experience in dreams, provided we experience it often, pertains at last just as much to the general belongings of our soul as anything 'actually' experienced by virtue thereof we are richer or poorer, we have a requirement more or less, and finally, in broad daylight, and even in the brightest moments of our waking life, we are ruled to some extent by the nature of our dreams.
Supposing that someone has often flown in his dreams, and that at last, as soon as he dreams, he is conscious of the power and art of flying as his privilege and his peculiarly enviable happiness such a person, who believes that on the slightest impulse, he can actualize all sorts of curves and angles, who knows the sensation of a certain divine levity, an 'upwards' without effort or constraint, a 'downwards' without descending or loweringwithout TROUBLE!how could the man with such dreamexperiences and dreamhabits fail to find 'happiness' differently coloured and defined, even in his waking hours!
The difference among men does not manifest itself only in the difference of their lists of desirable thingsin their regarding different good things as worth striving for, and being disagreed as to the greater or less value, the order of rank, of the commonly recognized desirable thingsit manifests itself much more in what they regard as actually HAVING and POSSESSING a desirable thing.
Only then does he feel the beloved one fully in his possession, when she no longer deceives herself about him, when she loves him just as much for the sake of his devilry and concealed insatiability, as for his goodness, patience, and spirituality. One man would like to possess a nation, and he finds all the higher arts of Cagliostro and Catalina suitable for his purpose.
With these conceits, they take control of the needy as a property, just as in general they are charitable and helpful out of a desire for property. One finds them jealous when they are crossed or forestalled in their charity. Parents involuntarily make something like themselves out of their childrenthey call that 'education' no mother doubts at the bottom of her heart that the child she has borne is thereby her property, no father hesitates about his right to HIS OWN ideas and notions of worth.
Indeed, in former times fathers deemed it right to use their discretion concerning the life or death of the newly born (as among the ancient Germans). And like the father, so also do the teacher, the class, the priest, and the prince still see in every new individual an unobjectionable opportunity for a new possession.
The Jewsa people 'born for slavery,' as Tacitus and the whole ancient world say of them 'the chosen people among the nations,' as they themselves say and believethe Jews performed the miracle of the inversion of valuations, by means of which life on earth obtained a new and dangerous charm for a couple of millenniums.
Their prophets fused into one the expressions 'rich,' 'godless,' 'wicked,' 'violent,' 'sensual,' and for the first time coined the word 'world' as a term of reproach. In this inversion of valuations (in which is also included the use of the word 'poor' as synonymous with 'saint' and 'friend') the significance of the Jewish people is to be found it is with THEM that the SLAVEINSURRECTION IN MORALS commences.
The beast of prey and the man of prey (for instance, Caesar Borgia) are fundamentally misunderstood, 'nature' is misunderstood, so long as one seeks a 'morbidness' in the constitution of these healthiest of all tropical monsters and growths, or even an innate 'hell' in themas almost all moralists have done hitherto.
Does it not seem that there is a hatred of the virgin forest and of the tropics among moralists? And that the 'tropical man' must be discredited at all costs, whether as disease and deterioration of mankind, or as his own hell and selftorture? And why? In favour of the 'temperate zones'?
or, finally, even the complaisant and wanton surrender to the emotions, as has been taught by Hafis and Goethe, the bold lettinggo of the reins, the spiritual and corporeal licentia morum in the exceptional cases of wise old codgers and drunkards, with whom it 'no longer has much danger.'This also for the chapter 'Morals as Timidity.' .
Inasmuch as in all ages, as long as mankind has existed, there have also been human herds (family alliances, communities, tribes, peoples, states, churches), and always a great number who obey in proportion to the small number who commandin view, therefore, of the fact that obedience has been most practiced and fostered among mankind hitherto, one may reasonably suppose that, generally speaking, the need thereof is now innate in every one, as a kind of FORMAL CONSCIENCE which gives the command 'Thou shalt unconditionally do something, unconditionally refrain from something', in short, 'Thou shalt'.
This need tries to satisfy itself and to fill its form with a content, according to its strength, impatience, and eagerness, it at once seizes as an omnivorous appetite with little selection, and accepts whatever is shouted into its ear by all sorts of commandersparents, teachers, laws, class prejudices, or public opinion.
If one imagine this instinct increasing to its greatest extent, commanders and independent individuals will finally be lacking altogether, or they will suffer inwardly from a bad conscience, and will have to impose a deception on themselves in the first place in order to be able to command just as if they also were only obeying.
They know no other way of protecting themselves from their bad conscience than by playing the role of executors of older and higher orders (of predecessors, of the constitution, of justice, of the law, or of God himself), or they even justify themselves by maxims from the current opinions of the herd, as 'first servants of their people,' or 'instruments of the public weal'.
On the other hand, the gregarious European man nowadays assumes an air as if he were the only kind of man that is allowable, he glorifies his qualities, such as public spirit, kindness, deference, industry, temperance, modesty, indulgence, sympathy, by virtue of which he is gentle, endurable, and useful to the herd, as the peculiarly human virtues.
In spite of all, what a blessing, what a deliverance from a weight becoming unendurable, is the appearance of an absolute ruler for these gregarious Europeansof this fact the effect of the appearance of Napoleon was the last great proof the history of the influence of Napoleon is almost the history of the higher happiness to which the entire century has attained in its worthiest individuals and periods.
The man of an age of dissolution which mixes the races with one another, who has the inheritance of a diversified descent in his bodythat is to say, contrary, and often not only contrary, instincts and standards of value, which struggle with one another and are seldom at peacesuch a man of late culture and broken lights, will, on an average, be a weak man.
His fundamental desire is that the war which is IN HIM should come to an end happiness appears to him in the character of a soothing medicine and mode of thought (for instance, Epicurean or Christian) it is above all things the happiness of repose, of undisturbedness, of repletion, of final unityit is the 'Sabbath of Sabbaths,' to use the expression of the holy rhetorician, St.
A sympathetic action, for instance, is neither called good nor bad, moral nor immoral, in the best period of the Romans and should it be praised, a sort of resentful disdain is compatible with this praise, even at the best, directly the sympathetic action is compared with one which contributes to the welfare of the whole, to the RES PUBLICA.
After all, 'love to our neighbour' is always a secondary matter, partly conventional and arbitrarily manifested in relation to our FEAR OF OUR NEIGHBOUR. After the fabric of society seems on the whole established and secured against external dangers, it is this fear of our neighbour which again creates new perspectives of moral valuation.
Certain strong and dangerous instincts, such as the love of enterprise, foolhardiness, revengefulness, astuteness, rapacity, and love of power, which up till then had not only to be honoured from the point of view of general utilityunder other names, of course, than those here givenbut had to be fostered and cultivated (because they were perpetually required in the common danger against the common enemies), are now felt in their dangerousness to be doubly strongwhen the outlets for them are lackingand are gradually branded as immoral and given over to calumny.
The contrary instincts and inclinations now attain to moral honour, the gregarious instinct gradually draws its conclusions. How much or how little dangerousness to the community or to equality is contained in an opinion, a condition, an emotion, a disposition, or an endowmentthat is now the moral perspective, here again fear is the mother of morals.
It is by the loftiest and strongest instincts, when they break out passionately and carry the individual far above and beyond the average, and the low level of the gregarious conscience, that the selfreliance of the community is destroyed, its belief in itself, its backbone, as it were, breaks, consequently these very instincts will be most branded and defamed.
The lofty independent spirituality, the will to stand alone, and even the cogent reason, are felt to be dangers, everything that elevates the individual above the herd, and is a source of fear to the neighbour, is henceforth called EVIL, the tolerant, unassuming, selfadapting, selfequalizing disposition, the MEDIOCRITY of desires, attains to moral distinction and honour.
Finally, under very peaceful circumstances, there is always less opportunity and necessity for training the feelings to severity and rigour, and now every form of severity, even in justice, begins to disturb the conscience, a lofty and rigorous nobleness and selfresponsibility almost offends, and awakens distrust, 'the lamb,' and still more 'the sheep,' wins respect.
There is a point of diseased mellowness and effeminacy in the history of society, at which society itself takes the part of him who injures it, the part of the CRIMINAL, and does so, in fact, seriously and honestly. To punish, appears to it to be somehow unfairit is certain that the idea of 'punishment' and 'the obligation to punish' are then painful and alarming to people.
If one could at all do away with danger, the cause of fear, one would have done away with this morality at the same time, it would no longer be necessary, it WOULD NOT CONSIDER ITSELF any longer necessary!Whoever examines the conscience of the presentday European, will always elicit the same imperative from its thousand moral folds and hidden recesses, the imperative of the timidity of the herd 'we wish that some time or other there may be NOTHING MORE TO FEAR!' Some time or otherthe will and the way THERETO is nowadays called 'progress' all over Europe.
We know well enough how offensive it sounds when any one plainly, and without metaphor, counts man among the animals, but it will be accounted to us almost a CRIME, that it is precisely in respect to men of 'modern ideas' that we have constantly applied the terms 'herd,' 'herdinstincts,' and such like expressions.
We have found that in all the principal moral judgments, Europe has become unanimous, including likewise the countries where European influence prevails in Europe people evidently KNOW what Socrates thought he did not know, and what the famous serpent of old once promised to teachthey 'know' today what is good and evil.
It must then sound hard and be distasteful to the ear, when we always insist that that which here thinks it knows, that which here glorifies itself with praise and blame, and calls itself good, is the instinct of the herding human animal, the instinct which has come and is ever coming more and more to the front, to preponderance and supremacy over other instincts, according to the increasing physiological approximation and resemblance of which it is the symptom.
Against such a 'possibility,' against such a 'should be,' however, this morality defends itself with all its strength, it says obstinately and inexorably 'I am morality itself and nothing else is morality!' Indeed, with the help of a religion which has humoured and flattered the sublimest desires of the herdinganimal, things have reached such a point that we always find a more visible expression of this morality even in political and social arrangements the DEMOCRATIC movement is the inheritance of the Christian movement.
That its TEMPO, however, is much too slow and sleepy for the more impatient ones, for those who are sick and distracted by the herdinginstinct, is indicated by the increasingly furious howling, and always less disguised teethgnashing of the anarchist dogs, who are now roving through the highways of European culture.
In NEW PHILOSOPHERSthere is no other alternative in minds strong and original enough to initiate opposite estimates of value, to transvalue and invert 'eternal valuations' in forerunners, in men of the future, who in the present shall fix the constraints and fasten the knots which will compel millenniums to take NEW paths.
He sees at a glance all that could still BE MADE OUT OF MAN through a favourable accumulation and augmentation of human powers and arrangements he knows with all the knowledge of his conviction how unexhausted man still is for the greatest possibilities, and how often in the past the type man has stood in presence of mysterious decisions and new pathshe knows still better from his painfulest recollections on what wretched obstacles promising developments of the highest rank have hitherto usually gone to pieces, broken down, sunk, and become contemptible.
The UNIVERSAL DEGENERACY OF MANKIND to the level of the 'man of the future'as idealized by the socialistic fools and shallowpatesthis degeneracy and dwarfing of man to an absolutely gregarious animal (or as they call it, to a man of 'free society'), this brutalizing of man into a pigmy with equal rights and claims, is undoubtedly POSSIBLE!
At the risk that moralizing may also reveal itself here as that which it has always beennamely, resolutely MONTRER SES PLAIES, according to BalzacI would venture to protest against an improper and injurious alteration of rank, which quite unnoticed, and as if with the best conscience, threatens nowadays to establish itself in the relations of science and philosophy.
I mean to say that one must have the right out of one's own EXPERIENCEexperience, as it seems to me, always implies unfortunate experience?to treat of such an important question of rank, so as not to speak of colour like the blind, or AGAINST science like women and artists ('Ah!
The declaration of independence of the scientific man, his emancipation from philosophy, is one of the subtler aftereffects of democratic organization and disorganization the selfglorification and selfconceitedness of the learned man is now everywhere in full bloom, and in its best springtimewhich does not mean to imply that in this case selfpraise smells sweet.
Here also the instinct of the populace cries, 'Freedom from all masters!' and after science has, with the happiest results, resisted theology, whose 'handmaid' it had been too long, it now proposes in its wantonness and indiscretion to lay down laws for philosophy, and in its turn to play the 'master'what am I saying!
My memorythe memory of a scientific man, if you please!teems with the naivetes of insolence which I have heard about philosophy and philosophers from young naturalists and old physicians (not to mention the most cultured and most conceited of all learned men, the philologists and schoolmasters, who are both the one and the other by profession).
On one occasion it was the specialist and the Jack Horner who instinctively stood on the defensive against all synthetic tasks and capabilities at another time it was the industrious worker who had got a scent of OTIUM and refined luxuriousness in the internal economy of the philosopher, and felt himself aggrieved and belittled thereby.
On another occasion it was the colourblindness of the utilitarian, who sees nothing in philosophy but a series of REFUTED systems, and an extravagant expenditure which 'does nobody any good'. At another time the fear of disguised mysticism and of the boundaryadjustment of knowledge became conspicuous, at another time the disregard of individual philosophers, which had involuntarily extended to disregard of philosophy generally.
In fine, I found most frequently, behind the proud disdain of philosophy in young scholars, the evil aftereffect of some particular philosopher, to whom on the whole obedience had been foresworn, without, however, the spell of his scornful estimates of other philosophers having been got rid ofthe result being a general illwill to all philosophy.
Let it but be acknowledged to what an extent our modern world diverges from the whole style of the world of Heraclitus, Plato, Empedocles, and whatever else all the royal and magnificent anchorites of the spirit were called, and with what justice an honest man of science MAY feel himself of a better family and origin, in view of such representatives of philosophy, who, owing to the fashion of the present day, are just as much aloft as they are down belowin Germany, for instance, the two lions of Berlin, the anarchist Eugen Duhring and the amalgamist Eduard von Hartmann.
All of them are persons who have been vanquished and BROUGHT BACK AGAIN under the dominion of science, who at one time or another claimed more from themselves, without having a right to the 'more' and its responsibilityand who now, creditably, rancorously, and vindictively, represent in word and deed, DISBELIEF in the mastertask and supremacy of philosophy After all, how could it be otherwise?
Science flourishes nowadays and has the good conscience clearly visible on its countenance, while that to which the entire modern philosophy has gradually sunk, the remnant of philosophy of the present day, excites distrust and displeasure, if not scorn and pity Philosophy reduced to a 'theory of knowledge,' no more in fact than a diffident science of epochs and doctrine of forbearance a philosophy that never even gets beyond the threshold, and rigorously DENIES itself the right to enterthat is philosophy in its last throes, an end, an agony, something that awakens pity.
The extent and towering structure of the sciences have increased enormously, and therewith also the probability that the philosopher will grow tired even as a learner, or will attach himself somewhere and 'specialize' so that he will no longer attain to his elevation, that is to say, to his superspection, his circumspection, and his DESPECTION.
It is perhaps just the refinement of his intellectual conscience that makes him hesitate and linger on the way, he dreads the temptation to become a dilettante, a millepede, a milleantenna, he knows too well that as a discerner, one who has lost his selfrespect no longer commands, no longer LEADS, unless he should aspire to become a great playactor, a philosophical Cagliostro and spiritual ratcatcherin short, a misleader.
To double once more the philosopher's difficulties, there is also the fact that he demands from himself a verdict, a Yea or Nay, not concerning science, but concerning life and the worth of lifehe learns unwillingly to believe that it is his right and even his duty to obtain this verdict, and he has to seek his way to the right and the belief only through the most extensive (perhaps disturbing and destroying) experiences, often hesitating, doubting, and dumbfounded.
In relation to the genius, that is to say, a being who either ENGENDERS or PRODUCESboth words understood in their fullest sensethe man of learning, the scientific average man, has always something of the old maid about him for, like her, he is not conversant with the two principal functions of man.
To both, of course, to the scholar and to the old maid, one concedes respectability, as if by way of indemnificationin these cases one emphasizes the respectabilityand yet, in the compulsion of this concession, one has the same admixture of vexation. Let us examine more closely what is the scientific man?
He is confiding, yet only as one who lets himself go, but does not FLOW and precisely before the man of the great current he stands all the colder and more reservedhis eye is then like a smooth and irresponsive lake, which is no longer moved by rapture or sympathy.
The worst and most dangerous thing of which a scholar is capable results from the instinct of mediocrity of his type, from the Jesuitism of mediocrity, which labours instinctively for the destruction of the exceptional man, and endeavours to breakor still better, to relaxevery bent bow To relax, of course, with consideration, and naturally with an indulgent handto RELAX with confiding sympathy that is the real art of Jesuitism, which has always understood how to introduce itself as the religion of sympathy.
His thoughts already rove away to the MORE GENERAL case, and tomorrow he knows as little as he knew yesterday how to help himself He does not now take himself seriously and devote time to himself he is serene, NOT from lack of trouble, but from lack of capacity for grasping and dealing with HIS trouble The habitual complaisance with respect to all objects and experiences, the radiant and impartial hospitality with which he receives everything that comes his way, his habit of inconsiderate goodnature, of dangerous indifference as to Yea and Nay alas!
there are enough of cases in which he has to atone for these virtues of his!and as man generally, he becomes far too easily the CAPUT MORTUUM of such virtues. Should one wish love or hatred from himI mean love and hatred as God, woman, and animal understand themhe will do what he can, and furnish what he can.
But one must not be surprised if it should not be muchif he should show himself just at this point to be false, fragile, questionable, and deteriorated. His love is constrained, his hatred is artificial, and rather UN TOUR DE FORCE, a slight ostentation and exaggeration. He is only genuine so far as he can be objective only in his serene totality is he still 'nature' and 'natural.' His mirroring and eternally selfpolishing soul no longer knows how to affirm, no longer how to deny he does not command neither does he destroy.
'JE NE MEPRISE PRESQUE RIEN'he says, with Leibniz let us not overlook nor undervalue the PRESQUE! Neither is he a model man he does not go in advance of any one, nor after, either he places himself generally too far off to have any reason for espousing the cause of either good or evil.
If he has been so long confounded with the PHILOSOPHER, with the Caesarian trainer and dictator of civilization, he has had far too much honour, and what is more essential in him has been overlookedhe is an instrument, something of a slave, though certainly the sublimest sort of slave, but nothing in himselfPRESQUE RIEN!
Consequently, also, nothing for women, IN PARENTHESI. . When a philosopher nowadays makes known that he is not a skepticI hope that has been gathered from the foregoing description of the objective spirit?people all hear it impatiently they regard him on that account with some apprehension, they would like to ask so many, many questions...
With his repudiation of skepticism, it seems to them as if they heard some evilthreatening sound in the distance, as if a new kind of explosive were being tried somewhere, a dynamite of the spirit, perhaps a newly discovered Russian NIHILINE, a pessimism BONAE VOLUNTATIS, that not only denies, means denial, butdreadful thought!
Against this kind of 'goodwill'a will to the veritable, actual negation of lifethere is, as is generally acknowledged nowadays, no better soporific and sedative than skepticism, the mild, pleasing, lulling poppy of skepticism and Hamlet himself is now prescribed by the doctors of the day as an antidote to the 'spirit,' and its underground noises.
'Are not our ears already full of bad sounds?' say the skeptics, as lovers of repose, and almost as a kind of safety police 'this subterranean Nay is terrible! Be still, ye pessimistic moles!' The skeptic, in effect, that delicate creature, is far too easily frightened his conscience is schooled so as to start at every Nay, and even at that sharp, decided Yea, and feels something like a bite thereby.
and Nay!they seem to him opposed to morality he loves, on the contrary, to make a festival to his virtue by a noble aloofness, while perhaps he says with Montaigne 'What do I know?' Or with Socrates 'I know that I know nothing.' Or 'Here I do not trust myself, no door is open to me.' Or 'Even if the door were open, why should I enter immediately?' Or 'What is the use of any hasty hypotheses?
It might quite well be in good taste to make no hypotheses at all. Are you absolutely obliged to straighten at once what is crooked? to stuff every hole with some kind of oakum? Is there not time enough for that? Has not the time leisure? Oh, ye demons, can ye not at all WAIT?
The uncertain also has its charms, the Sphinx, too, is a Circe, and Circe, too, was a philosopher.'Thus does a skeptic console himself and in truth he needs some consolation. For skepticism is the most spiritual expression of a certain manysided physiological temperament, which in ordinary language is called nervous debility and sickliness it arises whenever races or classes which have been long separated, decisively and suddenly blend with one another.
In the new generation, which has inherited as it were different standards and valuations in its blood, everything is disquiet, derangement, doubt, and tentativeness the best powers operate restrictively, the very virtues prevent each other growing and becoming strong, equilibrium, ballast, and perpendicular stability are lacking in body and soul.
The time for petty politics is past the next century will bring the struggle for the dominion of the worldthe COMPULSION to great politics. . As to how far the new warlike age on which we Europeans have evidently entered may perhaps favour the growth of another and stronger kind of skepticism, I should like to express myself preliminarily merely by a parable, which the lovers of German history will already understand.
That unscrupulous enthusiast for big, handsome grenadiers (who, as King of Prussia, brought into being a military and skeptical geniusand therewith, in reality, the new and now triumphantly emerged type of German), the problematic, crazy father of Frederick the Great, had on one point the very knack and lucky grasp of the genius he knew what was then lacking in Germany, the want of which was a hundred times more alarming and serious than any lack of culture and social formhis illwill to the young Frederick resulted from the anxiety of a profound instinct.
He saw his son lapsed to atheism, to the ESPRIT, to the pleasant frivolity of clever Frenchmenhe saw in the background the great bloodsucker, the spider skepticism he suspected the incurable wretchedness of a heart no longer hard enough either for evil or good, and of a broken will that no longer commands, is no longer ABLE to command.
Meanwhile, however, there grew up in his son that new kind of harder and more dangerous skepticismwho knows TO WHAT EXTENT it was encouraged just by his father's hatred and the icy melancholy of a will condemned to solitude?the skepticism of daring manliness, which is closely related to the genius for war and conquest, and made its first entrance into Germany in the person of the great Frederick.
But if one would realize how characteristic is this fear of the 'man' in the German spirit which awakened Europe out of its 'dogmatic slumber,' let us call to mind the former conception which had to be overcome by this new oneand that it is not so very long ago that a masculinized woman could dare, with unbridled presumption, to recommend the Germans to the interest of Europe as gentle, goodhearted, weakwilled, and poetical fools.
Finally, let us only understand profoundly enough Napoleon's astonishment when he saw Goethe it reveals what had been regarded for centuries as the 'German spirit' 'VOILA UN HOMME!'that was as much as to say 'But this is a MAN! And I only expected to see a German!' . Supposing, then, that in the picture of the philosophers of the future, some trait suggests the question whether they must not perhaps be skeptics in the lastmentioned sense, something in them would only be designated therebyand not they themselves.
With equal right they might call themselves critics, and assuredly they will be men of experiments. By the name with which I ventured to baptize them, I have already expressly emphasized their attempting and their love of attempting is this because, as critics in body and soul, they will love to make use of experiments in a new, and perhaps wider and more dangerous sense?
It will seem to them no small indignity to philosophy to have it decreed, as is so welcome nowadays, that 'philosophy itself is criticism and critical scienceand nothing else whatever!' Though this estimate of philosophy may enjoy the approval of all the Positivists of France and Germany (and possibly it even flattered the heart and taste of KANT let us call to mind the titles of his principal works), our new philosophers will say, notwithstanding, that critics are instruments of the philosopher, and just on that account, as instruments, they are far from being philosophers themselves!
Even the great Chinaman of Konigsberg was only a great critic. . I insist upon it that people finally cease confounding philosophical workers, and in general scientific men, with philosophersthat precisely here one should strictly give 'each his own,' and not give those far too much, these far too little.
The philosophical workers, after the excellent pattern of Kant and Hegel, have to fix and formalize some great existing body of valuationsthat is to say, former DETERMINATIONS OF VALUE, creations of value, which have become prevalent, and are for a time called 'truths'whether in the domain of the LOGICAL, the POLITICAL (moral), or the ARTISTIC.
It is for these investigators to make whatever has happened and been esteemed hitherto, conspicuous, conceivable, intelligible, and manageable, to shorten everything long, even 'time' itself, and to SUBJUGATE the entire past an immense and wonderful task, in the carrying out of which all refined pride, all tenacious will, can surely find satisfaction.
THE REAL PHILOSOPHERS, HOWEVER, ARE COMMANDERS AND LAWGIVERS they say 'Thus SHALL it be!' They determine first the Whither and the Why of mankind, and thereby set aside the previous labour of all philosophical workers, and all subjugators of the pastthey grasp at the future with a creative hand, and whatever is and was, becomes for them thereby a means, an instrument, and a hammer.
It is always more obvious to me that the philosopher, as a man INDISPENSABLE for the morrow and the day after the morrow, has ever found himself, and HAS BEEN OBLIGED to find himself, in contradiction to the day in which he lives his enemy has always been the ideal of his day.
Hitherto all those extraordinary furtherers of humanity whom one calls philosopherswho rarely regarded themselves as lovers of wisdom, but rather as disagreeable fools and dangerous interrogatorshave found their mission, their hard, involuntary, imperative mission (in the end, however, the greatness of their mission), in being the bad conscience of their age.
. It is difficult to learn what a philosopher is, because it cannot be taught one must 'know' it by experienceor one should have the pride NOT to know it. The fact that at present people all talk of things of which they CANNOT have any experience, is true more especially and unfortunately as concerns the philosopher and philosophical mattersthe very few know them, are permitted to know them, and all popular ideas about them are false.
Thus, for instance, the truly philosophical combination of a bold, exuberant spirituality which runs at presto pace, and a dialectic rigour and necessity which makes no false step, is unknown to most thinkers and scholars from their own experience, and therefore, should any one speak of it in their presence, it is incredible to them.
They conceive of every necessity as troublesome, as a painful compulsory obedience and state of constraint thinking itself is regarded by them as something slow and hesitating, almost as a trouble, and often enough as 'worthy of the SWEAT of the noble'but not at all as something easy and divine, closely related to dancing and exuberance!
'To think' and to take a matter 'seriously,' 'arduously'that is one and the same thing to them such only has been their 'experience.'Artists have here perhaps a finer intuition they who know only too well that precisely when they no longer do anything 'arbitrarily,' and everything of necessity, their feeling of freedom, of subtlety, of power, of creatively fixing, disposing, and shaping, reaches its climaxin short, that necessity and 'freedom of will' are then the same thing with them.
There is, in fine, a gradation of rank in psychical states, to which the gradation of rank in the problems corresponds and the highest problems repel ruthlessly every one who ventures too near them, without being predestined for their solution by the loftiness and power of his spirituality. Of what use is it for nimble, everyday intellects, or clumsy, honest mechanics and empiricists to press, in their plebeian ambition, close to such problems, and as it were into this 'holy of holies'as so often happens nowadays!
But coarse feet must never tread upon such carpets this is provided for in the primary law of things the doors remain closed to those intruders, though they may dash and break their heads thereon. People have always to be born to a high station, or, more definitely, they have to be BRED for it a person has only a right to philosophytaking the word in its higher significancein virtue of his descent the ancestors, the 'blood,' decide here also.
We Europeans of the day after tomorrow, we firstlings of the twentieth centurywith all our dangerous curiosity, our multifariousness and art of disguising, our mellow and seemingly sweetened cruelty in sense and spiritwe shall presumably, IF we must have virtues, have those only which have come to agreement with our most secret and heartfelt inclinations, with our most ardent requirements well, then, let us look for them in our labyrinths!where, as we know, so many things lose themselves, so many things get quite lost!
And is there anything finer than to SEARCH for one's own virtues? Is it not almost to BELIEVE in one's own virtues? But this 'believing in one's own virtues'is it not practically the same as what was formerly called one's 'good conscience,' that long, respectable pigtail of an idea, which our grandfathers used to hang behind their heads, and often enough also behind their understandings?
It seems, therefore, that however little we may imagine ourselves to be oldfashioned and grandfatherly respectable in other respects, in one thing we are nevertheless the worthy grandchildren of our grandfathers, we last Europeans with good consciences we also still wear their pigtail.Ah! if you only knew how soon, so very soonit will be different!
As in the stellar firmament there are sometimes two suns which determine the path of one planet, and in certain cases suns of different colours shine around a single planet, now with red light, now with green, and then simultaneously illumine and flood it with motley colours so we modern men, owing to the complicated mechanism of our 'firmament,' are determined by DIFFERENT moralities our actions shine alternately in different colours, and are seldom unequivocaland there are often cases, also, in which our actions are MOTLEYCOLOURED.
I think that has been well learnt it takes place thousands of times at present on a large and small scale indeed, at times the higher and sublimer thing takes placewe learn to DESPISE when we love, and precisely when we love best all of it, however, unconsciously, without noise, without ostentation, with the shame and secrecy of goodness, which forbids the utterance of the pompous word and the formula of virtue.
Morality as attitudeis opposed to our taste nowadays. This is ALSO an advance, as it was an advance in our fathers that religion as an attitude finally became opposed to their taste, including the enmity and Voltairean bitterness against religion (and all that formerly belonged to freethinkerpantomime). It is the music in our conscience, the dance in our spirit, to which Puritan litanies, moral sermons, and goodygoodness won't chime.
. Let us be careful in dealing with those who attach great importance to being credited with moral tact and subtlety in moral discernment! They never forgive us if they have once made a mistake BEFORE us (or even with REGARD to us)they inevitably become our instinctive calumniators and detractors, even when they still remain our 'friends.'Blessed are the forgetful for they 'get the better' even of their blunders.
. The psychologists of Franceand where else are there still psychologists nowadays?have never yet exhausted their bitter and manifold enjoyment of the betise bourgeoise, just as though... in short, they betray something thereby. Flaubert, for instance, the honest citizen of Rouen, neither saw, heard, nor tasted anything else in the end it was his mode of selftorment and refined cruelty.
As this is growing wearisome, I would now recommend for a change something else for a pleasurenamely, the unconscious astuteness with which good, fat, honest mediocrity always behaves towards loftier spirits and the tasks they have to perform, the subtle, barbed, Jesuitical astuteness, which is a thousand times subtler than the taste and understanding of the middleclass in its best momentssubtler even than the understanding of its victimsa repeated proof that 'instinct' is the most intelligent of all kinds of intelligence which have hitherto been discovered.
In short, you psychologists, study the philosophy of the 'rule' in its struggle with the 'exception' there you have a spectacle fit for Gods and godlike malignity! Or, in plainer words, practise vivisection on 'good people,' on the 'homo bonae voluntatis,' ON YOURSELVES! . The practice of judging and condemning morally, is the favourite revenge of the intellectually shallow on those who are less so, it is also a kind of indemnity for their being badly endowed by nature, and finally, it is an opportunity for acquiring spirit and BECOMING subtlemalice spiritualises.
They are glad in their inmost heart that there is a standard according to which those who are overendowed with intellectual goods and privileges, are equal to them, they contend for the 'equality of all before God,' and almost NEED the belief in God for this purpose. It is among them that the most powerful antagonists of atheism are found.
I would rather flatter them with my theory that lofty spirituality itself exists only as the ultimate product of moral qualities, that it is a synthesis of all qualities attributed to the 'merely moral' man, after they have been acquired singly through long training and practice, perhaps during a whole series of generations, that lofty spirituality is precisely the spiritualising of justice, and the beneficent severity which knows that it is authorized to maintain GRADATIONS OF RANK in the world, even among thingsand not only among men.
Now that the praise of the 'disinterested person' is so popular one mustprobably not without some dangerget an idea of WHAT people actually take an interest in, and what are the things generally which fundamentally and profoundly concern ordinary menincluding the cultured, even the learned, and perhaps philosophers also, if appearances do not deceive.
The fact thereby becomes obvious that the greater part of what interests and charms higher natures, and more refined and fastidious tastes, seems absolutely 'uninteresting' to the average manif, notwithstanding, he perceive devotion to these interests, he calls it desinteresse, and wonders how it is possible to act 'disinterestedly.' There have been philosophers who could give this popular astonishment a seductive and mystical, otherworldly expression (perhaps because they did not know the higher nature by experience?), instead of stating the naked and candidly reasonable truth that 'disinterested' action is very interesting and 'interested' action, provided that...
'And the praise of the selfsacrificer?'But whoever has really offered sacrifice knows that he wanted and obtained something for itperhaps something from himself for something from himself that he relinquished here in order to have more there, perhaps in general to be more, or even feel himself 'more.' But this is a realm of questions and answers in which a more fastidious spirit does not like to stay for here truth has to stifle her yawns so much when she is obliged to answer.
And after all, truth is a woman one must not use force with her. . 'It sometimes happens,' said a moralistic pedant and trifleretailer, 'that I honour and respect an unselfish man not, however, because he is unselfish, but because I think he has a right to be useful to another man at his own expense.
Every system of unegoistic morality which takes itself unconditionally and appeals to every one, not only sins against good taste, but is also an incentive to sins of omission, an ADDITIONAL seduction under the mask of philanthropyand precisely a seduction and injury to the higher, rarer, and more privileged types of men.
Moral systems must be compelled first of all to bow before the GRADATIONS OF RANK their presumption must be driven home to their conscienceuntil they thoroughly understand at last that it is IMMORAL to say that 'what is right for one is proper for another.''So said my moralistic pedant and bonhomme.
Wherever sympathy (fellowsuffering) is preached nowadaysand, if I gather rightly, no other religion is any longer preachedlet the psychologist have his ears open through all the vanity, through all the noise which is natural to these preachers (as to all preachers), he will hear a hoarse, groaning, genuine note of SELFCONTEMPT.
It belongs to the overshadowing and uglifying of Europe, which has been on the increase for a century (the first symptoms of which are already specified documentarily in a thoughtful letter of Galiani to Madame d'Epinay)IF IT IS NOT REALLY THE CAUSE THEREOF! The man of 'modern ideas,' the conceited ape, is excessively dissatisfied with himselfthis is perfectly certain.
He suffers, and his vanity wants him only 'to suffer with his fellows.' . The hybrid Europeana tolerably ugly plebeian, taken all in allabsolutely requires a costume he needs history as a storeroom of costumes. To be sure, he notices that none of the costumes fit him properlyhe changes and changes.
Let us look at the nineteenth century with respect to these hasty preferences and changes in its masquerades of style, and also with respect to its moments of desperation on account of 'nothing suiting' us. It is in vain to get ourselves up as romantic, or classical, or Christian, or Florentine, or barocco, or 'national,' in moribus et artibus it does not 'clothe us'!
But the 'spirit,' especially the 'historical spirit,' profits even by this desperation once and again a new sample of the past or of the foreign is tested, put on, taken off, packed up, and above all studiedwe are the first studious age in puncto of 'costumes,' I mean as concerns morals, articles of belief, artistic tastes, and religions we are prepared as no other age has ever been for a carnival in the grand style, for the most spiritual festivallaughter and arrogance, for the transcendental height of supreme folly and Aristophanic ridicule of the world.
Owing to this mingling, the past of every form and mode of life, and of cultures which were formerly closely contiguous and superimposed on one another, flows forth into us 'modern souls' our instincts now run back in all directions, we ourselves are a kind of chaos in the end, as we have said, the spirit perceives its advantage therein.
By means of our semibarbarity in body and in desire, we have secret access everywhere, such as a noble age never had we have access above all to the labyrinth of imperfect civilizations, and to every form of semibarbarity that has at any time existed on earth and in so far as the most considerable part of human civilization hitherto has just been semibarbarity, the 'historical sense' implies almost the sense and instinct for everything, the taste and tongue for everything whereby it immediately proves itself to be an IGNOBLE sense.
For instance, we enjoy Homer once more it is perhaps our happiest acquisition that we know how to appreciate Homer, whom men of distinguished culture (as the French of the seventeenth century, like SaintEvremond, who reproached him for his ESPRIT VASTE, and even Voltaire, the last echo of the century) cannot and could not so easily appropriatewhom they scarcely permitted themselves to enjoy.
Perhaps our great virtue of the historical sense is in necessary contrast to GOOD taste, at least to the very bad taste and we can only evoke in ourselves imperfectly, hesitatingly, and with compulsion the small, short, and happy godsends and glorifications of human life as they shine here and there those moments and marvelous experiences when a great power has voluntarily come to a halt before the boundless and infinite,when a superabundance of refined delight has been enjoyed by a sudden checking and petrifying, by standing firmly and planting oneself fixedly on still trembling ground.
PROPORTIONATENESS is strange to us, let us confess it to ourselves our itching is really the itching for the infinite, the immeasurable. Like the rider on his forward panting horse, we let the reins fall before the infinite, we modern men, we semibarbariansand are only in OUR highest bliss when weARE IN MOST DANGER.
Whether it be hedonism, pessimism, utilitarianism, or eudaemonism, all those modes of thinking which measure the worth of things according to PLEASURE and PAIN, that is, according to accompanying circumstances and secondary considerations, are plausible modes of thought and naivetes, which every one conscious of CREATIVE powers and an artist's conscience will look down upon with scorn, though not without sympathy.
Sympathy for you!to be sure, that is not sympathy as you understand it it is not sympathy for social 'distress,' for 'society' with its sick and misfortuned, for the hereditarily vicious and defective who lie on the ground around us still less is it sympathy for the grumbling, vexed, revolutionary slaveclasses who strive after powerthey call it 'freedom.' OUR sympathy is a loftier and furthersighted sympathywe see how MAN dwarfs himself, how YOU dwarf him!
and there are moments when we view YOUR sympathy with an indescribable anguish, when we resist it,when we regard your seriousness as more dangerous than any kind of levity. You want, if possibleand there is not a more foolish 'if possible'TO DO AWAY WITH SUFFERING and we?it really seems that WE would rather have it increased and made worse than it has ever been!
Wellbeing, as you understand itis certainly not a goal it seems to us an END a condition which at once renders man ludicrous and contemptibleand makes his destruction DESIRABLE! The discipline of suffering, of GREAT sufferingknow ye not that it is only THIS discipline that has produced all the elevations of humanity hitherto?
The tension of soul in misfortune which communicates to it its energy, its shuddering in view of rack and ruin, its inventiveness and bravery in undergoing, enduring, interpreting, and exploiting misfortune, and whatever depth, mystery, disguise, spirit, artifice, or greatness has been bestowed upon the soulhas it not been bestowed through suffering, through the discipline of great suffering?
In man CREATURE and CREATOR are united in man there is not only matter, shred, excess, clay, mire, folly, chaos but there is also the creator, the sculptor, the hardness of the hammer, the divinity of the spectator, and the seventh daydo ye understand this contrast? And that YOUR sympathy for the 'creature in man' applies to that which has to be fashioned, bruised, forged, stretched, roasted, annealed, refinedto that which must necessarily SUFFER, and IS MEANT to suffer?
And our sympathydo ye not understand what our REVERSE sympathy applies to, when it resists your sympathy as the worst of all pampering and enervation?So it is sympathy AGAINST sympathy!But to repeat it once more, there are higher problems than the problems of pleasure and pain and sympathy and all systems of philosophy which deal only with these are naivetes.
. WE IMMORALISTS.This world with which WE are concerned, in which we have to fear and love, this almost invisible, inaudible world of delicate command and delicate obedience, a world of 'almost' in every respect, captious, insidious, sharp, and tenderyes, it is well protected from clumsy spectators and familiar curiosity!
We are woven into a strong net and garment of duties, and CANNOT disengage ourselvesprecisely here, we are 'men of duty,' even we! Occasionally, it is true, we dance in our 'chains' and betwixt our 'swords' it is none the less true that more often we gnash our teeth under the circumstances, and are impatient at the secret hardship of our lot.
Honesty, granting that it is the virtue of which we cannot rid ourselves, we free spiritswell, we will labour at it with all our perversity and love, and not tire of 'perfecting' ourselves in OUR virtue, which alone remains may its glance some day overspread like a gilded, blue, mocking twilight this aging civilization with its dull gloomy seriousness!
It is probable that people will misunderstand and mistake us on that account what does it matter! They will say 'Their 'honesty'that is their devilry, and nothing else!' What does it matter! And even if they were righthave not all Gods hitherto been such sanctified, rebaptized devils? And after all, what do we know of ourselves?
And what the spirit that leads us wants TO BE CALLED? (It is a question of names.) And how many spirits we harbour? Our honesty, we free spiritslet us be careful lest it become our vanity, our ornament and ostentation, our limitation, our stupidity! Every virtue inclines to stupidity, every stupidity to virtue 'stupid to the point of sanctity,' they say in Russia,let us be careful lest out of pure honesty we eventually become saints and bores!
I hope to be forgiven for discovering that all moral philosophy hitherto has been tedious and has belonged to the soporific appliancesand that 'virtue,' in my opinion, has been MORE injured by the TEDIOUSNESS of its advocates than by anything else at the same time, however, I would not wish to overlook their general usefulness.
It is desirable that as few people as possible should reflect upon morals, and consequently it is very desirable that morals should not some day become interesting! But let us not be afraid! Things still remain today as they have always been I see no one in Europe who has (or DISCLOSES) an idea of the fact that philosophizing concerning morals might be conducted in a dangerous, captious, and ensnaring mannerthat CALAMITY might be involved therein.
Observe, for example, the indefatigable, inevitable English utilitarians how ponderously and respectably they stalk on, stalk along (a Homeric metaphor expresses it better) in the footsteps of Bentham, just as he had already stalked in the footsteps of the respectable Helvetius! (no, he was not a dangerous man, Helvetius, CE SENATEUR POCOCURANTE, to use an expression of Galiani).
No new thought, nothing of the nature of a finer turning or better expression of an old thought, not even a proper history of what has been previously thought on the subject an IMPOSSIBLE literature, taking it all in all, unless one knows how to leaven it with some mischief.
In effect, the old English vice called CANT, which is MORAL TARTUFFISM, has insinuated itself also into these moralists (whom one must certainly read with an eye to their motives if one MUST read them), concealed this time under the new form of the scientific spirit moreover, there is not absent from them a secret struggle with the pangs of conscience, from which a race of former Puritans must naturally suffer, in all their scientific tinkering with morals.
(Is not a moralist the opposite of a Puritan? That is to say, as a thinker who regards morality as questionable, as worthy of interrogation, in short, as a problem? Is moralizing notimmoral?) In the end, they all want English morality to be recognized as authoritative, inasmuch as mankind, or the 'general utility,' or 'the happiness of the greatest number,'no!
They would like, by all means, to convince themselves that the striving after English happiness, I mean after COMFORT and FASHION (and in the highest instance, a seat in Parliament), is at the same time the true path of virtue in fact, that in so far as there has been virtue in the world hitherto, it has just consisted in such striving.
Not one of those ponderous, consciencestricken herdinganimals (who undertake to advocate the cause of egoism as conducive to the general welfare) wants to have any knowledge or inkling of the facts that the 'general welfare' is no ideal, no goal, no notion that can be at all grasped, but is only a nostrum,that what is fair to one MAY NOT at all be fair to another, that the requirement of one morality for all is really a detriment to higher men, in short, that there is a DISTINCTION OF RANK between man and man, and consequently between morality and morality.
In these later ages, which may be proud of their humanity, there still remains so much fear, so much SUPERSTITION of the fear, of the 'cruel wild beast,' the mastering of which constitutes the very pride of these humaner agesthat even obvious truths, as if by the agreement of centuries, have long remained unuttered, because they have the appearance of helping the finally slain wild beast back to life again.
to drink, that it will lie down quiet and forgotten, in its old corner.One ought to learn anew about cruelty, and open one's eyes one ought at last to learn impatience, in order that such immodest gross errorsas, for instance, have been fostered by ancient and modern philosophers with regard to tragedymay no longer wander about virtuously and boldly.
Almost everything that we call 'higher culture' is based upon the spiritualising and intensifying of CRUELTYthis is my thesis the 'wild beast' has not been slain at all, it lives, it flourishes, it has only beentransfigured. That which constitutes the painful delight of tragedy is cruelty that which operates agreeably in socalled tragic sympathy, and at the basis even of everything sublime, up to the highest and most delicate thrills of metaphysics, obtains its sweetness solely from the intermingled ingredient of cruelty.
Perhaps what I have said here about a 'fundamental will of the spirit' may not be understood without further details I may be allowed a word of explanation.That imperious something which is popularly called 'the spirit,' wishes to be master internally and externally, and to feel itself master it has the will of a multiplicity for a simplicity, a binding, taming, imperious, and essentially ruling will.
The power of the spirit to appropriate foreign elements reveals itself in a strong tendency to assimilate the new to the old, to simplify the manifold, to overlook or repudiate the absolutely contradictory just as it arbitrarily reunderlines, makes prominent, and falsifies for itself certain traits and lines in the foreign elements, in every portion of the 'outside world.' Its object thereby is the incorporation of new 'experiences,' the assortment of new things in the old arrangementsin short, growth or more properly, the FEELING of growth, the feeling of increased poweris its object.
This same will has at its service an apparently opposed impulse of the spirit, a suddenly adopted preference of ignorance, of arbitrary shutting out, a closing of windows, an inner denial of this or that, a prohibition to approach, a sort of defensive attitude against much that is knowable, a contentment with obscurity, with the shuttingin horizon, an acceptance and approval of ignorance as that which is all necessary according to the degree of its appropriating power, its 'digestive power,' to speak figuratively (and in fact 'the spirit' resembles a stomach more than anything else).
Here also belong an occasional propensity of the spirit to let itself be deceived (perhaps with a waggish suspicion that it is NOT so and so, but is only allowed to pass as such), a delight in uncertainty and ambiguity, an exulting enjoyment of arbitrary, outoftheway narrowness and mystery, of the toonear, of the foreground, of the magnified, the diminished, the misshapen, the beautifiedan enjoyment of the arbitrariness of all these manifestations of power.
He will say 'There is something cruel in the tendency of my spirit' let the virtuous and amiable try to convince him that it is not so! In fact, it would sound nicer, if, instead of our cruelty, perhaps our 'extravagant honesty' were talked about, whispered about, and glorifiedwe free, VERY free spiritsand some day perhaps SUCH will actually be ourposthumous glory!
Meanwhilefor there is plenty of time until thenwe should be least inclined to deck ourselves out in such florid and fringed moral verbiage our whole former work has just made us sick of this taste and its sprightly exuberance. They are beautiful, glistening, jingling, festive words honesty, love of truth, love of wisdom, sacrifice for knowledge, heroism of the truthfulthere is something in them that makes one's heart swell with pride.
But we anchorites and marmots have long ago persuaded ourselves in all the secrecy of an anchorite's conscience, that this worthy parade of verbiage also belongs to the old false adornment, frippery, and golddust of unconscious human vanity, and that even under such flattering colour and repainting, the terrible original text HOMO NATURA must again be recognized.
In effect, to translate man back again into nature to master the many vain and visionary interpretations and subordinate meanings which have hitherto been scratched and daubed over the eternal original text, HOMO NATURA to bring it about that man shall henceforth stand before man as he now, hardened by the discipline of science, stands before the OTHER forms of nature, with fearless Oedipuseyes, and stopped Ulyssesears, deaf to the enticements of old metaphysical birdcatchers, who have piped to him far too long 'Thou art more!
thou art higher! thou hast a different origin!'this may be a strange and foolish task, but that it is a TASK, who can deny! Why did we choose it, this foolish task? Or, to put the question differently 'Why knowledge at all?' Every one will ask us about this. And thus pressed, we, who have asked ourselves the question a hundred times, have not found and cannot find any better answer....
. Learning alters us, it does what all nourishment does that does not merely 'conserve'as the physiologist knows. But at the bottom of our souls, quite 'down below,' there is certainly something unteachable, a granite of spiritual fate, of predetermined decision and answer to predetermined, chosen questions. In each cardinal problem there speaks an unchangeable 'I am this' a thinker cannot learn anew about man and woman, for instance, but can only learn fullyhe can only follow to the end what is 'fixed' about them in himself.
Occasionally we find certain solutions of problems which make strong beliefs for us perhaps they are henceforth called 'convictions.' Later onone sees in them only footsteps to selfknowledge, guideposts to the problem which we ourselves AREor more correctly to the great stupidity which we embody, our spiritual fate, the UNTEACHABLE in us, quite 'down below.'In view of this liberal compliment which I have just paid myself, permission will perhaps be more readily allowed me to utter some truths about 'woman as she is,' provided that it is known at the outset how literally they are merelyMY truths.
. Woman wishes to be independent, and therefore she begins to enlighten men about 'woman as she is'THIS is one of the worst developments of the general UGLIFYING of Europe. For what must these clumsy attempts of feminine scientificality and selfexposure bring to light! Woman has so much cause for shame in woman there is so much pedantry, superficiality, schoolmasterliness, petty presumption, unbridledness, and indiscretion concealedstudy only woman's behaviour towards children!which has really been best restrained and dominated hitherto by the FEAR of man.
Alas, if ever the 'eternally tedious in woman'she has plenty of it!is allowed to venture forth! if she begins radically and on principle to unlearn her wisdom and artof charming, of playing, of frightening away sorrow, of alleviating and taking easily if she forgets her delicate aptitude for agreeable desires!
Female voices are already raised, which, by Saint Aristophanes! make one afraidwith medical explicitness it is stated in a threatening manner what woman first and last REQUIRES from man. Is it not in the very worst taste that woman thus sets herself up to be scientific? Enlightenment hitherto has fortunately been men's affair, men's giftwe remained therewith 'among ourselves' and in the end, in view of all that women write about 'woman,' we may well have considerable doubt as to whether woman really DESIRES enlightenment about herselfand CAN desire it.
If woman does not thereby seek a new ORNAMENT for herselfI believe ornamentation belongs to the eternally feminine?why, then, she wishes to make herself feared perhaps she thereby wishes to get the mastery. But she does not want truthwhat does woman care for truth? From the very first, nothing is more foreign, more repugnant, or more hostile to woman than truthher great art is falsehood, her chief concern is appearance and beauty.
Let us confess it, we men we honour and love this very art and this very instinct in woman we who have the hard task, and for our recreation gladly seek the company of beings under whose hands, glances, and delicate follies, our seriousness, our gravity, and profundity appear almost like follies to us.
And is it not true that on the whole 'woman' has hitherto been most despised by woman herself, and not at all by us?We men desire that woman should not continue to compromise herself by enlightening us just as it was man's care and the consideration for woman, when the church decreed mulier taceat in ecclesia.
It betrays corruption of the instinctsapart from the fact that it betrays bad tastewhen a woman refers to Madame Roland, or Madame de Stael, or Monsieur George Sand, as though something were proved thereby in favour of 'woman as she is.' Among men, these are the three comical women as they arenothing more!and just the best involuntary counterarguments against feminine emancipation and autonomy.
. Stupidity in the kitchen woman as cook the terrible thoughtlessness with which the feeding of the family and the master of the house is managed! Woman does not understand what food means, and she insists on being cook! If woman had been a thinking creature, she should certainly, as cook for thousands of years, have discovered the most important physiological facts, and should likewise have got possession of the healing art!
Through bad female cooksthrough the entire lack of reason in the kitchenthe development of mankind has been longest retarded and most interfered with even today matters are very little better. A word to High School girls. . There are turns and casts of fancy, there are sentences, little handfuls of words, in which a whole culture, a whole society suddenly crystallises itself.
I have no doubt that every noble woman will oppose what Dante and Goethe believed about womanthe former when he sang, 'ELLA GUARDAVA SUSO, ED IO IN LEI,' and the latter when he interpreted it, 'the eternally feminine draws us ALOFT' for THIS is just what she believes of the eternally masculine.
. SEVEN APOPHTHEGMS FOR WOMEN How the longest ennui flees, When a man comes to our knees! Age, alas! and science staid, Furnish even weak virtue aid. Sombre garb and silence meet Dress for every damediscreet. Whom I thank when in my bliss? God!and my good tailoress! Young, a flowerdecked cavern home Old, a dragon thence doth roam.
Noble title, leg that's fine, Man as well Oh, were HE mine! Speech in brief and sense in massSlippery for the jennyass! A. Woman has hitherto been treated by men like birds, which, losing their way, have come down among them from an elevation as something delicate, fragile, wild, strange, sweet, and animatingbut as something also which must be cooped up to prevent it flying away.
To be mistaken in the fundamental problem of 'man and woman,' to deny here the profoundest antagonism and the necessity for an eternally hostile tension, to dream here perhaps of equal rights, equal training, equal claims and obligations that is a TYPICAL sign of shallowmindedness and a thinker who has proved himself shallow at this dangerous spotshallow in instinct!may generally be regarded as suspicious, nay more, as betrayed, as discovered he will probably prove too 'short' for all fundamental questions of life, future as well as present, and will be unable to descend into ANY of the depths.
HOW necessary, HOW logical, even HOW humanely desirable this was, let us consider for ourselves! . The weaker sex has in no previous age been treated with so much respect by men as at presentthis belongs to the tendency and fundamental taste of democracy, in the same way as disrespectfulness to old agewhat wonder is it that abuse should be immediately made of this respect?
They want more, they learn to make claims, the tribute of respect is at last felt to be wellnigh galling rivalry for rights, indeed actual strife itself, would be preferred in a word, woman is losing modesty. And let us immediately add that she is also losing taste. She is unlearning to FEAR man but the woman who 'unlearns to fear' sacrifices her most womanly instincts.
That woman should venture forward when the fearinspiring quality in manor more definitely, the MAN in manis no longer either desired or fully developed, is reasonable enough and also intelligible enough what is more difficult to understand is that precisely therebywoman deteriorates. This is what is happening nowadays let us not deceive ourselves about it!
Wherever the industrial spirit has triumphed over the military and aristocratic spirit, woman strives for the economic and legal independence of a clerk 'woman as clerkess' is inscribed on the portal of the modern society which is in course of formation. While she thus appropriates new rights, aspires to be 'master,' and inscribes 'progress' of woman on her flags and banners, the very opposite realises itself with terrible obviousness WOMAN RETROGRADES.
Since the French Revolution the influence of woman in Europe has DECLINED in proportion as she has increased her rights and claims and the 'emancipation of woman,' insofar as it is desired and demanded by women themselves (and not only by masculine shallowpates), thus proves to be a remarkable symptom of the increased weakening and deadening of the most womanly instincts.
Certainly, there are enough of idiotic friends and corrupters of woman among the learned asses of the masculine sex, who advise woman to defeminize herself in this manner, and to imitate all the stupidities from which 'man' in Europe, European 'manliness,' suffers,who would like to lower woman to 'general culture,' indeed even to newspaper reading and meddling with politics.
Here and there they wish even to make women into free spirits and literary workers as though a woman without piety would not be something perfectly obnoxious or ludicrous to a profound and godless manalmost everywhere her nerves are being ruined by the most morbid and dangerous kind of music (our latest German music), and she is daily being made more hysterical and more incapable of fulfilling her first and last function, that of bearing robust children.
They wish to 'cultivate' her in general still more, and intend, as they say, to make the 'weaker sex' STRONG by culture as if history did not teach in the most emphatic manner that the 'cultivating' of mankind and his weakeningthat is to say, the weakening, dissipating, and languishing of his FORCE OF WILLhave always kept pace with one another, and that the most powerful and influential women in the world (and lastly, the mother of Napoleon) had just to thank their force of willand not their schoolmastersfor their power and ascendancy over men.
That which inspires respect in woman, and often enough fear also, is her NATURE, which is more 'natural' than that of man, her genuine, carnivoralike, cunning flexibility, her tigerclaws beneath the glove, her NAIVETE in egoism, her untrainableness and innate wildness, the incomprehensibleness, extent, and deviation of her desires and virtues.
That which, in spite of fear, excites one's sympathy for the dangerous and beautiful cat, 'woman,' is that she seems more afflicted, more vulnerable, more necessitous of love, and more condemned to disillusionment than any other creature. Fear and sympathy it is with these feelings that man has hitherto stood in the presence of woman, always with one foot already in tragedy, which rends while it delightsWhat?
And all that is now to be at an end? And the DISENCHANTMENT of woman is in progress? The tediousness of woman is slowly evolving? Oh Europe! Europe! We know the horned animal which was always most attractive to thee, from which danger is ever again threatening thee! Thy old fable might once more become 'history'an immense stupidity might once again overmaster thee and carry thee away!
I HEARD, once again for the first time, Richard Wagner's overture to the Mastersinger it is a piece of magnificent, gorgeous, heavy, latterday art, which has the pride to presuppose two centuries of music as still living, in order that it may be understoodit is an honour to Germans that such a pride did not miscalculate!
It impresses us at one time as ancient, at another time as foreign, bitter, and too modern, it is as arbitrary as it is pompously traditional, it is not infrequently roguish, still oftener rough and coarseit has fire and courage, and at the same time the loose, duncoloured skin of fruits which ripen too late.
It flows broad and full and suddenly there is a moment of inexplicable hesitation, like a gap that opens between cause and effect, an oppression that makes us dream, almost a nightmare but already it broadens and widens anew, the old stream of delightthe most manifold delight,of old and new happiness including ESPECIALLY the joy of the artist in himself, which he refuses to conceal, his astonished, happy cognizance of his mastery of the expedients here employed, the new, newly acquired, imperfectly tested expedients of art which he apparently betrays to us.
This kind of music expresses best what I think of the Germans they belong to the day before yesterday and the day after tomorrowTHEY HAVE AS YET NO TODAY. . We 'good Europeans,' we also have hours when we allow ourselves a warmhearted patriotism, a plunge and relapse into old loves and narrow viewsI have just given an example of ithours of national excitement, of patriotic anguish, and all other sorts of oldfashioned floods of sentiment.
A statesman who rears up for them a new Tower of Babel, some monstrosity of empire and power, they call 'great'what does it matter that we more prudent and conservative ones do not meanwhile give up the old belief that it is only the great thought that gives greatness to an action or affair.
a statesman who should do all this, which his people would have to do penance for throughout their whole future, if they had a future, such a statesman would be GREAT, would he?''Undoubtedly!' replied the other old patriot vehemently, 'otherwise he COULD NOT have done it! It was mad perhaps to wish such a thing!
NOT great!'The old men had obviously become heated as they thus shouted their 'truths' in each other's faces, but I, in my happiness and apartness, considered how soon a stronger one may become master of the strong, and also that there is a compensation for the intellectual superficialising of a nationnamely, in the deepening of another.
This process of the EVOLVING EUROPEAN, which can be retarded in its TEMPO by great relapses, but will perhaps just gain and grow thereby in vehemence and depththe stillraging storm and stress of 'national sentiment' pertains to it, and also the anarchism which is appearing at presentthis process will probably arrive at results on which its naive propagators and panegyrists, the apostles of 'modern ideas,' would least care to reckon.
I meant to say that the democratising of Europe is at the same time an involuntary arrangement for the rearing of TYRANTStaking the word in all its meanings, even in its most spiritual sense. . I hear with pleasure that our sun is moving rapidly towards the constellation Hercules and I hope that the men on this earth will do like the sun.
There was a time when it was customary to call Germans 'deep' by way of distinction but now that the most successful type of new Germanism is covetous of quite other honours, and perhaps misses 'smartness' in all that has depth, it is almost opportune and patriotic to doubt whether we did not formerly deceive ourselves with that commendation in short, whether German depth is not at bottom something different and worseand something from which, thank God, we are on the point of successfully ridding ourselves.
Let us try, then, to relearn with regard to German depth the only thing necessary for the purpose is a little vivisection of the German soul.The German soul is above all manifold, varied in its source, aggregated and superimposed, rather than actually built this is owing to its origin. A German who would embolden himself to assert 'Two souls, alas, dwell in my breast,' would make a bad guess at the truth, or, more correctly, he would come far short of the truth about the number of souls.
As a people made up of the most extraordinary mixing and mingling of races, perhaps even with a preponderance of the preAryan element as the 'people of the centre' in every sense of the term, the Germans are more intangible, more ample, more contradictory, more unknown, more incalculable, more surprising, and even more terrifying than other peoples are to themselvesthey escape DEFINITION, and are thereby alone the despair of the French.
It IS characteristic of the Germans that the question 'What is German?' never dies out among them. Kotzebue certainly knew his Germans well enough 'We are known,' they cried jubilantly to himbut Sand also thought he knew them. Jean Paul knew what he was doing when he declared himself incensed at Fichte's lying but patriotic flatteries and exaggerations,but it is probable that Goethe thought differently about Germans from Jean Paul, even though he acknowledged him to be right with regard to Fichte.
It is a question what Goethe really thought about the Germans?But about many things around him he never spoke explicitly, and all his life he knew how to keep an astute silenceprobably he had good reason for it. It is certain that it was not the 'Wars of Independence' that made him look up more joyfully, any more than it was the French Revolution,the event on account of which he RECONSTRUCTED his 'Faust,' and indeed the whole problem of 'man,' was the appearance of Napoleon.
There are words of Goethe in which he condemns with impatient severity, as from a foreign land, that which Germans take a pride in, he once defined the famous German turn of mind as 'Indulgence towards its own and others' weaknesses.' Was he wrong? it is characteristic of Germans that one is seldom entirely wrong about them.
The German soul has passages and galleries in it, there are caves, hidingplaces, and dungeons therein, its disorder has much of the charm of the mysterious, the German is well acquainted with the bypaths to chaos. And as everything loves its symbol, so the German loves the clouds and all that is obscure, evolving, crepuscular, damp, and shrouded, it seems to him that everything uncertain, undeveloped, selfdisplacing, and growing is 'deep'.
The German himself does not EXIST, he is BECOMING, he is 'developing himself'. 'Development' is therefore the essentially German discovery and hit in the great domain of philosophical formulas,a ruling idea, which, together with German beer and German music, is labouring to Germanise all Europe. Foreigners are astonished and attracted by the riddles which the conflicting nature at the basis of the German soul propounds to them (riddles which Hegel systematised and Richard Wagner has in the end set to music).
'Goodnatured and spiteful'such a juxtaposition, preposterous in the case of every other people, is unfortunately only too often justified in Germany one has only to live for a while among Swabians to know this! The clumsiness of the German scholar and his social distastefulness agree alarmingly well with his physical ropedancing and nimble boldness, of which all the Gods have learnt to be afraid.
If any one wishes to see the 'German soul' demonstrated ad oculos, let him only look at German taste, at German arts and manners what boorish indifference to 'taste'! How the noblest and the commonest stand there in juxtaposition! How disorderly and how rich is the whole constitution of this soul!
He digests his events badly he never gets 'done' with them and German depth is often only a difficult, hesitating 'digestion.' And just as all chronic invalids, all dyspeptics like what is convenient, so the German loves 'frankness' and 'honesty' it is so CONVENIENT to be frank and honest!This confidingness, this complaisance, this showingthecards of German HONESTY, is probably the most dangerous and most successful disguise which the German is up to nowadays it is his proper Mephistophelean art with this he can 'still achieve much'!
The German lets himself go, and thereby gazes with faithful, blue, empty German eyesand other countries immediately confound him with his dressinggown!I meant to say that, let 'German depth' be what it willamong ourselves alone we perhaps take the liberty to laugh at itwe shall do well to continue henceforth to honour its appearance and good name, and not barter away too cheaply our old reputation as a people of depth for Prussian 'smartness,' and Berlin wit and sand.
The 'good old' time is past, it sang itself out in Mozarthow happy are WE that his ROCOCO still speaks to us, that his 'good company,' his tender enthusiasm, his childish delight in the Chinese and its flourishes, his courtesy of heart, his longing for the elegant, the amorous, the tripping, the tearful, and his belief in the South, can still appeal to SOMETHING LEFT in us!
Ah, some time or other it will be over with it!but who can doubt that it will be over still sooner with the intelligence and taste for Beethoven! For he was only the last echo of a break and transition in style, and NOT, like Mozart, the last echo of a great European taste which had existed for centuries.
Beethoven is the intermediate event between an old mellow soul that is constantly breaking down, and a future overyoung soul that is always COMING there is spread over his music the twilight of eternal loss and eternal extravagant hope,the same light in which Europe was bathed when it dreamed with Rousseau, when it danced round the Tree of Liberty of the Revolution, and finally almost fell down in adoration before Napoleon.
But how rapidly does THIS very sentiment now pale, how difficult nowadays is even the APPREHENSION of this sentiment, how strangely does the language of Rousseau, Schiller, Shelley, and Byron sound to our ear, in whom COLLECTIVELY the same fate of Europe was able to SPEAK, which knew how to SING in Beethoven!Whatever German music came afterwards, belongs to Romanticism, that is to say, to a movement which, historically considered, was still shorter, more fleeting, and more superficial than that great interlude, the transition of Europe from Rousseau to Napoleon, and to the rise of democracy.
Weberbut what do WE care nowadays for 'Freischutz' and 'Oberon'! Or Marschner's 'Hans Heiling' and 'Vampyre'! Or even Wagner's 'Tannhauser'! That is extinct, although not yet forgotten music. This whole music of Romanticism, besides, was not noble enough, was not musical enough, to maintain its position anywhere but in the theatre and before the masses from the beginning it was secondrate music, which was little thought of by genuine musicians.
It was different with Felix Mendelssohn, that halcyon master, who, on account of his lighter, purer, happier soul, quickly acquired admiration, and was equally quickly forgotten as the beautiful EPISODE of German music. But with regard to Robert Schumann, who took things seriously, and has been taken seriously from the firsthe was the last that founded a school,do we not now regard it as a satisfaction, a relief, a deliverance, that this very Romanticism of Schumann's has been surmounted?
. What a torture are books written in German to a reader who has a THIRD ear! How indignantly he stands beside the slowly turning swamp of sounds without tune and rhythms without dance, which Germans call a 'book'! And even the German who READS books! How lazily, how reluctantly, how badly he reads!
That one must not be doubtful about the rhythmdetermining syllables, that one should feel the breaking of the toorigid symmetry as intentional and as a charm, that one should lend a fine and patient ear to every STACCATO and every RUBATO, that one should divine the sense in the sequence of the vowels and diphthongs, and how delicately and richly they can be tinted and retinted in the order of their arrangementwho among bookreading Germans is complaisant enough to recognize such duties and requirements, and to listen to so much art and intention in language?
. How little the German style has to do with harmony and with the ear, is shown by the fact that precisely our good musicians themselves write badly. The German does not read aloud, he does not read for the ear, but only with his eyes he has put his ears away in the drawer for the time.
In antiquity when a man readwhich was seldom enoughhe read something to himself, and in a loud voice they were surprised when any one read silently, and sought secretly the reason of it. In a loud voice that is to say, with all the swellings, inflections, and variations of key and changes of TEMPO, in which the ancient PUBLIC world took delight.
The laws of the written style were then the same as those of the spoken style and these laws depended partly on the surprising development and refined requirements of the ear and larynx partly on the strength, endurance, and power of the ancient lungs. In the ancient sense, a period is above all a physiological whole, inasmuch as it is comprised in one breath.
Such periods as occur in Demosthenes and Cicero, swelling twice and sinking twice, and all in one breath, were pleasures to the men of ANTIQUITY, who knew by their own schooling how to appreciate the virtue therein, the rareness and the difficulty in the deliverance of such a periodWE have really no right to the BIG period, we modern men, who are short of breath in every sense!
Those ancients, indeed, were all of them dilettanti in speaking, consequently connoisseurs, consequently criticsthey thus brought their orators to the highest pitch in the same manner as in the last century, when all Italian ladies and gentlemen knew how to sing, the virtuosoship of song (and with it also the art of melody) reached its elevation.
The preacher was the only one in Germany who knew the weight of a syllable or a word, in what manner a sentence strikes, springs, rushes, flows, and comes to a close he alone had a conscience in his ears, often enough a bad conscience for reasons are not lacking why proficiency in oratory should be especially seldom attained by a German, or almost always too late.
The masterpiece of German prose is therefore with good reason the masterpiece of its greatest preacher the BIBLE has hitherto been the best German book. Compared with Luther's Bible, almost everything else is merely 'literature'something which has not grown in Germany, and therefore has not taken and does not take root in German hearts, as the Bible has done.
What Europe owes to the Jews?Many things, good and bad, and above all one thing of the nature both of the best and the worst the grand style in morality, the fearfulness and majesty of infinite demands, of infinite significations, the whole Romanticism and sublimity of moral questionablenessand consequently just the most attractive, ensnaring, and exquisite element in those iridescences and allurements to life, in the aftersheen of which the sky of our European culture, its evening sky, now glowsperhaps glows out.
It must be taken into the bargain, if various clouds and disturbancesin short, slight attacks of stupiditypass over the spirit of a people that suffers and WANTS to suffer from national nervous fever and political ambition for instance, among presentday Germans there is alternately the antiFrench folly, the antiSemitic folly, the antiPolish folly, the Christianromantic folly, the Wagnerian folly, the Teutonic folly, the Prussian folly (just look at those poor historians, the Sybels and Treitschkes, and their closely bandaged heads), and whatever else these little obscurations of the German spirit and conscience may be called.
About the Jews, for instance, listen to the followingI have never yet met a German who was favourably inclined to the Jews and however decided the repudiation of actual antiSemitism may be on the part of all prudent and political men, this prudence and policy is not perhaps directed against the nature of the sentiment itself, but only against its dangerous excess, and especially against the distasteful and infamous expression of this excess of sentimenton this point we must not deceive ourselves.
That Germany has amply SUFFICIENT Jews, that the German stomach, the German blood, has difficulty (and will long have difficulty) in disposing only of this quantity of 'Jew'as the Italian, the Frenchman, and the Englishman have done by means of a stronger digestionthat is the unmistakable declaration and language of a general instinct, to which one must listen and according to which one must act.
That which is at present called a 'nation' in Europe, and is really rather a RES FACTA than NATA (indeed, sometimes confusingly similar to a RES FICTA ET PICTA), is in every case something evolving, young, easily displaced, and not yet a race, much less such a race AERE PERENNUS, as the Jews are such 'nations' should most carefully avoid all hotheaded rivalry and hostility!
Meanwhile, they rather wish and desire, even somewhat importunely, to be insorbed and absorbed by Europe, they long to be finally settled, authorized, and respected somewhere, and wish to put an end to the nomadic life, to the 'wandering Jew',and one should certainly take account of this impulse and tendency, and MAKE ADVANCES to it (it possibly betokens a mitigation of the Jewish instincts) for which purpose it would perhaps be useful and fair to banish the antiSemitic bawlers out of the country.
It is characteristic of such an unphilosophical race to hold on firmly to Christianitythey NEED its discipline for 'moralizing' and humanizing. The Englishman, more gloomy, sensual, headstrong, and brutal than the Germanis for that very reason, as the baser of the two, also the most pious he has all the MORE NEED of Christianity.
To finer nostrils, this English Christianity itself has still a characteristic English taint of spleen and alcoholic excess, for which, owing to good reasons, it is used as an antidotethe finer poison to neutralize the coarser a finer form of poisoning is in fact a step in advance with coarsemannered people, a step towards spiritualization.
The English coarseness and rustic demureness is still most satisfactorily disguised by Christian pantomime, and by praying and psalmsinging (or, more correctly, it is thereby explained and differently expressed) and for the herd of drunkards and rakes who formerly learned moral grunting under the influence of Methodism (and more recently as the 'Salvation Army'), a penitential fit may really be the relatively highest manifestation of 'humanity' to which they can be elevated so much may reasonably be admitted.
That, however, which offends even in the humanest Englishman is his lack of music, to speak figuratively (and also literally) he has neither rhythm nor dance in the movements of his soul and body indeed, not even the desire for rhythm and dance, for 'music.' Listen to him speaking look at the most beautiful Englishwoman WALKINGin no country on earth are there more beautiful doves and swans finally, listen to them singing!
There are truths which are best recognized by mediocre minds, because they are best adapted for them, there are truths which only possess charms and seductive power for mediocre spiritsone is pushed to this probably unpleasant conclusion, now that the influence of respectable but mediocre EnglishmenI may mention Darwin, John Stuart Mill, and Herbert Spencerbegins to gain the ascendancy in the middleclass region of European taste.
It would be an error to consider the highly developed and independently soaring minds as specially qualified for determining and collecting many little common facts, and deducing conclusions from them as exceptions, they are rather from the first in no very favourable position towards those who are 'the rules.' After all, they have more to do than merely to perceivein effect, they have to BE something new, they have to SIGNIFY something new, they have to REPRESENT new values!
The gulf between knowledge and capacity is perhaps greater, and also more mysterious, than one thinks the capable man in the grand style, the creator, will possibly have to be an ignorant personwhile on the other hand, for scientific discoveries like those of Darwin, a certain narrowness, aridity, and industrious carefulness (in short, something English) may not be unfavourable for arriving at them.Finally, let it not be forgotten that the English, with their profound mediocrity, brought about once before a general depression of European intelligence.
What is called 'modern ideas,' or 'the ideas of the eighteenth century,' or 'French ideas'that, consequently, against which the GERMAN mind rose up with profound disgustis of English origin, there is no doubt about it. The French were only the apes and actors of these ideas, their best soldiers, and likewise, alas!
One must, however, maintain this verdict of historical justice in a determined manner, and defend it against present prejudices and appearances the European NOBLESSEof sentiment, taste, and manners, taking the word in every high senseis the work and invention of FRANCE the European ignobleness, the plebeianism of modern ideasis ENGLAND'S work and invention.
Even at present France is still the seat of the most intellectual and refined culture of Europe, it is still the high school of taste but one must know how to find this 'France of taste.' He who belongs to it keeps himself well concealedthey may be a small number in whom it lives and is embodied, besides perhaps being men who do not stand upon the strongest legs, in part fatalists, hypochondriacs, invalids, in part persons overindulged, overrefined, such as have the AMBITION to conceal themselves.
They have all something in common they keep their ears closed in presence of the delirious folly and noisy spouting of the democratic BOURGEOIS. In fact, a besotted and brutalized France at present sprawls in the foregroundit recently celebrated a veritable orgy of bad taste, and at the same time of selfadmiration, at the funeral of Victor Hugo.
In this France of intellect, which is also a France of pessimism, Schopenhauer has perhaps become more at home, and more indigenous than he has ever been in Germany not to speak of Heinrich Heine, who has long ago been reincarnated in the more refined and fastidious lyrists of Paris or of Hegel, who at present, in the form of Tainethe FIRST of living historiansexercises an almost tyrannical influence.
As regards Richard Wagner, however, the more French music learns to adapt itself to the actual needs of the AME MODERNE, the more will it 'Wagnerite' one can safely predict that beforehand,it is already taking place sufficiently! There are, however, three things which the French can still boast of with pride as their heritage and possession, and as indelible tokens of their ancient intellectual superiority in Europe, in spite of all voluntary or involuntary Germanizing and vulgarizing of taste.
Suppose a person loves the South as I love itas a great school of recovery for the most spiritual and the most sensuous ills, as a boundless solar profusion and effulgence which o'erspreads a sovereign existence believing in itselfwell, such a person will learn to be somewhat on his guard against German music, because, in injuring his taste anew, it will also injure his health anew.
I could imagine a music of which the rarest charm would be that it knew nothing more of good and evil only that here and there perhaps some sailor's homesickness, some golden shadows and tender weaknesses might sweep lightly over it an art which, from the far distance, would see the colours of a sinking and almost incomprehensible MORAL world fleeing towards it, and would be hospitable enough and profound enough to receive such belated fugitives.
Owing to the morbid estrangement which the nationalitycraze has induced and still induces among the nations of Europe, owing also to the shortsighted and hastyhanded politicians, who with the help of this craze, are at present in power, and do not suspect to what extent the disintegrating policy they pursue must necessarily be only an interlude policyowing to all this and much else that is altogether unmentionable at present, the most unmistakable signs that EUROPE WISHES TO BE ONE, are now overlooked, or arbitrarily and falsely misinterpreted.
They are akin, fundamentally akin, in all the heights and depths of their requirements it is Europe, the ONE Europe, whose soul presses urgently and longingly, outwards and upwards, in their multifarious and boisterous artwhither? into a new light? towards a new sun? But who would attempt to express accurately what all these masters of new modes of speech could not express distinctly?
Let the German friends of Richard Wagner advise together as to whether there is anything purely German in the Wagnerian art, or whether its distinction does not consist precisely in coming from SUPERGERMAN sources and impulses in which connection it may not be underrated how indispensable Paris was to the development of his type, which the strength of his instincts made him long to visit at the most decisive timeand how the whole style of his proceedings, of his selfapostolate, could only perfect itself in sight of the French socialistic original.
From German body, this selflacerating? Is ours this priestly handdilation, This incensefuming exaltation? Is ours this faltering, falling, shambling, This quite uncertain dingdongdangling? This sly nunogling, Avehourbell ringing, This wholly false enraptured heaveno'erspringing?Is this our mode?Think well!ye still wait for admissionFor what ye hear is ROMEROME'S FAITH BY INTUITION! .
To be sure, one must not resign oneself to any humanitarian illusions about the history of the origin of an aristocratic society (that is to say, of the preliminary condition for the elevation of the type 'man') the truth is hard. Let us acknowledge unprejudicedly how every higher civilization hitherto has ORIGINATED!
Men with a still natural nature, barbarians in every terrible sense of the word, men of prey, still in possession of unbroken strength of will and desire for power, threw themselves upon weaker, more moral, more peaceful races (perhaps trading or cattlerearing communities), or upon old mellow civilizations in which the final vital force was flickering out in brilliant fireworks of wit and depravity.
At the commencement, the noble caste was always the barbarian caste their superiority did not consist first of all in their physical, but in their psychical powerthey were more COMPLETE men (which at every point also implies the same as 'more complete beasts'). . Corruptionas the indication that anarchy threatens to break out among the instincts, and that the foundation of the emotions, called 'life,' is convulsedis something radically different according to the organization in which it manifests itself.
When, for instance, an aristocracy like that of France at the beginning of the Revolution, flung away its privileges with sublime disgust and sacrificed itself to an excess of its moral sentiments, it was corruptionit was really only the closing act of the corruption which had existed for centuries, by virtue of which that aristocracy had abdicated step by step its lordly prerogatives and lowered itself to a FUNCTION of royalty (in the end even to its decoration and paradedress).
The essential thing, however, in a good and healthy aristocracy is that it should not regard itself as a function either of the kingship or the commonwealth, but as the SIGNIFICANCE and highest justification thereofthat it should therefore accept with a good conscience the sacrifice of a legion of individuals, who, FOR ITS SAKE, must be suppressed and reduced to imperfect men, to slaves and instruments.
Its fundamental belief must be precisely that society is NOT allowed to exist for its own sake, but only as a foundation and scaffolding, by means of which a select class of beings may be able to elevate themselves to their higher duties, and in general to a higher EXISTENCE like those sunseeking climbing plants in Javathey are called Sipo Matador,which encircle an oak so long and so often with their arms, until at last, high above it, but supported by it, they can unfold their tops in the open light, and exhibit their happiness.
To refrain mutually from injury, from violence, from exploitation, and put one's will on a par with that of others this may result in a certain rough sense in good conduct among individuals when the necessary conditions are given (namely, the actual similarity of the individuals in amount of force and degree of worth, and their corelation within one organization).
Here one must think profoundly to the very basis and resist all sentimental weakness life itself is ESSENTIALLY appropriation, injury, conquest of the strange and weak, suppression, severity, obtrusion of peculiar forms, incorporation, and at the least, putting it mildest, exploitationbut why should one for ever use precisely these words on which for ages a disparaging purpose has been stamped?
Even the organization within which, as was previously supposed, the individuals treat each other as equalit takes place in every healthy aristocracymust itself, if it be a living and not a dying organization, do all that towards other bodies, which the individuals within it refrain from doing to each other it will have to be the incarnated Will to Power, it will endeavour to grow, to gain ground, attract to itself and acquire ascendancynot owing to any morality or immorality, but because it LIVES, and because life IS precisely Will to Power.
On no point, however, is the ordinary consciousness of Europeans more unwilling to be corrected than on this matter, people now rave everywhere, even under the guise of science, about coming conditions of society in which 'the exploiting character' is to be absentthat sounds to my ears as if they promised to invent a mode of life which should refrain from all organic functions.
'Exploitation' does not belong to a depraved, or imperfect and primitive society it belongs to the nature of the living being as a primary organic function, it is a consequence of the intrinsic Will to Power, which is precisely the Will to LifeGranting that as a theory this is a noveltyas a reality it is the FUNDAMENTAL FACT of all history let us be so far honest towards ourselves!
. In a tour through the many finer and coarser moralities which have hitherto prevailed or still prevail on the earth, I found certain traits recurring regularly together, and connected with one another, until finally two primary types revealed themselves to me, and a radical distinction was brought to light.
There is MASTERMORALITY and SLAVEMORALITY,I would at once add, however, that in all higher and mixed civilizations, there are also attempts at the reconciliation of the two moralities, but one finds still oftener the confusion and mutual misunderstanding of them, indeed sometimes their close juxtapositioneven in the same man, within one soul.
The distinctions of moral values have either originated in a ruling caste, pleasantly conscious of being different from the ruledor among the ruled class, the slaves and dependents of all sorts. In the first case, when it is the rulers who determine the conception 'good,' it is the exalted, proud disposition which is regarded as the distinguishing feature, and that which determines the order of rank.
The noble type of man separates from himself the beings in whom the opposite of this exalted, proud disposition displays itself he despises them. Let it at once be noted that in this first kind of morality the antithesis 'good' and 'bad' means practically the same as 'noble' and 'despicable',the antithesis 'good' and 'EVIL' is of a different origin.
The cowardly, the timid, the insignificant, and those thinking merely of narrow utility are despised moreover, also, the distrustful, with their constrained glances, the selfabasing, the doglike kind of men who let themselves be abused, the mendicant flatterers, and above all the liarsit is a fundamental belief of all aristocrats that the common people are untruthful.
It is obvious that everywhere the designations of moral value were at first applied to MEN and were only derivatively and at a later period applied to ACTIONS it is a gross mistake, therefore, when historians of morals start with questions like, 'Why have sympathetic actions been praised?' The noble type of man regards HIMSELF as a determiner of values he does not require to be approved of he passes the judgment 'What is injurious to me is injurious in itself' he knows that it is he himself only who confers honour on things he is a CREATOR OF VALUES.
In the foreground there is the feeling of plenitude, of power, which seeks to overflow, the happiness of high tension, the consciousness of a wealth which would fain give and bestowthe noble man also helps the unfortunate, but notor scarcelyout of pity, but rather from an impulse generated by the superabundance of power.
The noble man honours in himself the powerful one, him also who has power over himself, who knows how to speak and how to keep silence, who takes pleasure in subjecting himself to severity and hardness, and has reverence for all that is severe and hard. 'Wotan placed a hard heart in my breast,' says an old Scandinavian Saga it is thus rightly expressed from the soul of a proud Viking.
The profound reverence for age and for traditionall law rests on this double reverence,the belief and prejudice in favour of ancestors and unfavourable to newcomers, is typical in the morality of the powerful and if, reversely, men of 'modern ideas' believe almost instinctively in 'progress' and the 'future,' and are more and more lacking in respect for old age, the ignoble origin of these 'ideas' has complacently betrayed itself thereby.
A morality of the ruling class, however, is more especially foreign and irritating to presentday taste in the sternness of its principle that one has duties only to one's equals that one may act towards beings of a lower rank, towards all that is foreign, just as seems good to one, or 'as the heart desires,' and in any case 'beyond good and evil' it is here that sympathy and similar sentiments can have a place.
The ability and obligation to exercise prolonged gratitude and prolonged revengeboth only within the circle of equals,artfulness in retaliation, RAFFINEMENT of the idea in friendship, a certain necessity to have enemies (as outlets for the emotions of envy, quarrelsomeness, arrogancein fact, in order to be a good FRIEND) all these are typical characteristics of the noble morality, which, as has been pointed out, is not the morality of 'modern ideas,' and is therefore at present difficult to realize, and also to unearth and disclose.It is otherwise with the second type of morality, SLAVEMORALITY.
Supposing that the abused, the oppressed, the suffering, the unemancipated, the weary, and those uncertain of themselves should moralize, what will be the common element in their moral estimates? Probably a pessimistic suspicion with regard to the entire situation of man will find expression, perhaps a condemnation of man, together with his situation.
On the other hand, THOSE qualities which serve to alleviate the existence of sufferers are brought into prominence and flooded with light it is here that sympathy, the kind, helping hand, the warm heart, patience, diligence, humility, and friendliness attain to honour for here these are the most useful qualities, and almost the only means of supporting the burden of existence.
Slavemorality is essentially the morality of utility. Here is the seat of the origin of the famous antithesis 'good' and 'evil'power and dangerousness are assumed to reside in the evil, a certain dreadfulness, subtlety, and strength, which do not admit of being despised. According to slavemorality, therefore, the 'evil' man arouses fear according to mastermorality, it is precisely the 'good' man who arouses fear and seeks to arouse it, while the bad man is regarded as the despicable being.
The contrast attains its maximum when, in accordance with the logical consequences of slavemorality, a shade of depreciationit may be slight and wellintentionedat last attaches itself to the 'good' man of this morality because, according to the servile mode of thought, the good man must in any case be the SAFE man he is goodnatured, easily deceived, perhaps a little stupid, un bonhomme.
. Vanity is one of the things which are perhaps most difficult for a noble man to understand he will be tempted to deny it, where another kind of man thinks he sees it selfevidently. The problem for him is to represent to his mind beings who seek to arouse a good opinion of themselves which they themselves do not possessand consequently also do not 'deserve,'and who yet BELIEVE in this good opinion afterwards.
It may be looked upon as the result of an extraordinary atavism, that the ordinary man, even at present, is still always WAITING for an opinion about himself, and then instinctively submitting himself to it yet by no means only to a 'good' opinion, but also to a bad and unjust one (think, for instance, of the greater part of the selfappreciations and selfdepreciations which believing women learn from their confessors, and which in general the believing Christian learns from his Church).
In fact, conformably to the slow rise of the democratic social order (and its cause, the blending of the blood of masters and slaves), the originally noble and rare impulse of the masters to assign a value to themselves and to 'think well' of themselves, will now be more and more encouraged and extended but it has at all times an older, ampler, and more radically ingrained propensity opposed to itand in the phenomenon of 'vanity' this older propensity overmasters the younger.
. A SPECIES originates, and a type becomes established and strong in the long struggle with essentially constant UNFAVOURABLE conditions. On the other hand, it is known by the experience of breeders that species which receive superabundant nourishment, and in general a surplus of protection and care, immediately tend in the most marked way to develop variations, and are fertile in prodigies and monstrosities (also in monstrous vices).
Now look at an aristocratic commonwealth, say an ancient Greek polis, or Venice, as a voluntary or involuntary contrivance for the purpose of REARING human beings there are there men beside one another, thrown upon their own resources, who want to make their species prevail, chiefly because they MUST prevail, or else run the terrible danger of being exterminated.
The favour, the superabundance, the protection are there lacking under which variations are fostered the species needs itself as species, as something which, precisely by virtue of its hardness, its uniformity, and simplicity of structure, can in general prevail and make itself permanent in constant struggle with its neighbours, or with rebellious or rebellionthreatening vassals.
Finally, however, a happy state of things results, the enormous tension is relaxed there are perhaps no more enemies among the neighbouring peoples, and the means of life, even of the enjoyment of life, are present in superabundance. With one stroke the bond and constraint of the old discipline severs it is no longer regarded as necessary, as a condition of existenceif it would continue, it can only do so as a form of LUXURY, as an archaizing TASTE.
At this turningpoint of history there manifest themselves, side by side, and often mixed and entangled together, a magnificent, manifold, virginforestlike upgrowth and upstriving, a kind of TROPICAL TEMPO in the rivalry of growth, and an extraordinary decay and selfdestruction, owing to the savagely opposing and seemingly exploding egoisms, which strive with one another 'for sun and light,' and can no longer assign any limit, restraint, or forbearance for themselves by means of the hitherto existing morality.
It was this morality itself which piled up the strength so enormously, which bent the bow in so threatening a mannerit is now 'out of date,' it is getting 'out of date.' The dangerous and disquieting point has been reached when the greater, more manifold, more comprehensive life IS LIVED BEYOND the old morality the 'individual' stands out, and is obliged to have recourse to his own lawgiving, his own arts and artifices for selfpreservation, selfelevation, and selfdeliverance.
Nothing but new 'Whys,' nothing but new 'Hows,' no common formulas any longer, misunderstanding and disregard in league with each other, decay, deterioration, and the loftiest desires frightfully entangled, the genius of the race overflowing from all the cornucopias of good and bad, a portentous simultaneousness of Spring and Autumn, full of new charms and mysteries peculiar to the fresh, still inexhausted, still unwearied corruption.
Danger is again present, the mother of morality, great danger this time shifted into the individual, into the neighbour and friend, into the street, into their own child, into their own heart, into all the most personal and secret recesses of their desires and volitions. What will the moral philosophers who appear at this time have to preach?
They discover, these sharp onlookers and loafers, that the end is quickly approaching, that everything around them decays and produces decay, that nothing will endure until the day after tomorrow, except one species of man, the incurably MEDIOCRE. The mediocre alone have a prospect of continuing and propagating themselvesthey will be the men of the future, the sole survivors 'be like them!
become mediocre!' is now the only morality which has still a significance, which still obtains a hearing.But it is difficult to preach this morality of mediocrity! it can never avow what it is and what it desires! it has to talk of moderation and dignity and duty and brotherly loveit will have difficulty IN CONCEALING ITS IRONY!
The refinement, goodness, and loftiness of a soul are put to a perilous test when something passes by that is of the highest rank, but is not yet protected by the awe of authority from obtrusive touches and incivilities something that goes its way like a living touchstone, undistinguished, undiscovered, and tentative, perhaps voluntarily veiled and disguised.
DIFFERENCE ENGENDRE HAINE the vulgarity of many a nature spurts up suddenly like dirty water, when any holy vessel, any jewel from closed shrines, any book bearing the marks of great destiny, is brought before it while on the other hand, there is an involuntary silence, a hesitation of the eye, a cessation of all gestures, by which it is indicated that a soul FEELS the nearness of what is worthiest of respect.
The way in which, on the whole, the reverence for the BIBLE has hitherto been maintained in Europe, is perhaps the best example of discipline and refinement of manners which Europe owes to Christianity books of such profoundness and supreme significance require for their protection an external tyranny of authority, in order to acquire the PERIOD of thousands of years which is necessary to exhaust and unriddle them.
Much has been achieved when the sentiment has been at last instilled into the masses (the shallowpates and the boobies of every kind) that they are not allowed to touch everything, that there are holy experiences before which they must take off their shoes and keep away the unclean handit is almost their highest advance towards humanity.
On the contrary, in the socalled cultured classes, the believers in 'modern ideas,' nothing is perhaps so repulsive as their lack of shame, the easy insolence of eye and hand with which they touch, taste, and finger everything and it is possible that even yet there is more RELATIVE nobility of taste, and more tact for reverence among the people, among the lower classes of the people, especially among peasants, than among the newspaperreading DEMIMONDE of intellect, the cultured class.
Granted that one knows something of the parents, it is admissible to draw a conclusion about the child any kind of offensive incontinence, any kind of sordid envy, or of clumsy selfvauntingthe three things which together have constituted the genuine plebeian type in all timessuch must pass over to the child, as surely as bad blood and with the help of the best education and culture one will only succeed in DECEIVING with regard to such heredity.And what else does education and culture try to do nowadays!
In our very democratic, or rather, very plebeian age, 'education' and 'culture' MUST be essentially the art of deceivingdeceiving with regard to origin, with regard to the inherited plebeianism in body and soul. An educator who nowadays preached truthfulness above everything else, and called out constantly to his pupils 'Be true!
Be natural! Show yourselves as you are!'even such a virtuous and sincere ass would learn in a short time to have recourse to the FURCA of Horace, NATURAM EXPELLERE with what results? 'Plebeianism' USQUE RECURRET. FOOTNOTE Horace's 'Epistles,' I. x. . . At the risk of displeasing innocent ears, I submit that egoism belongs to the essence of a noble soul, I mean the unalterable belief that to a being such as 'we,' other beings must naturally be in subjection, and have to sacrifice themselves.
It is an ADDITIONAL instance of his egoism, this artfulness and selflimitation in intercourse with his equalsevery star is a similar egoist he honours HIMSELF in them, and in the rights which he concedes to them, he has no doubt that the exchange of honours and rights, as the ESSENCE of all intercourse, belongs also to the natural condition of things.
The noble soul gives as he takes, prompted by the passionate and sensitive instinct of requital, which is at the root of his nature. The notion of 'favour' has, INTER PARES, neither significance nor good repute there may be a sublime way of letting gifts as it were light upon one from above, and of drinking them thirstily like dewdrops but for those arts and displays the noble soul has no aptitude.
His egoism hinders him here in general, he looks 'aloft' unwillinglyhe looks either FORWARD, horizontally and deliberately, or downwardsHE KNOWS THAT HE IS ON A HEIGHT. . 'One can only truly esteem him who does not LOOK OUT FOR himself.'Goethe to Rath Schlosser. . The Chinese have a proverb which mothers even teach their children 'SIAOSIN' ('MAKE THY HEART SMALL').
This is the essentially fundamental tendency in latterday civilizations. I have no doubt that an ancient Greek, also, would first of all remark the selfdwarfing in us Europeans of todayin this respect alone we should immediately be 'distasteful' to him. . What, after all, is ignobleness?Words are vocal symbols for ideas ideas, however, are more or less definite mental symbols for frequently returning and concurring sensations, for groups of sensations.
On this account the people of one nation understand one another better than those belonging to different nations, even when they use the same language or rather, when people have lived long together under similar conditions (of climate, soil, danger, requirement, toil) there ORIGINATES therefrom an entity that 'understands itself'namely, a nation.
In all souls a like number of frequently recurring experiences have gained the upper hand over those occurring more rarely about these matters people understand one another rapidly and always more rapidlythe history of language is the history of a process of abbreviation on the basis of this quick comprehension people always unite closer and closer.
The greater the danger, the greater is the need of agreeing quickly and readily about what is necessary not to misunderstand one another in dangerthat is what cannot at all be dispensed with in intercourse. Also in all loves and friendships one has the experience that nothing of the kind continues when the discovery has been made that in using the same words, one of the two parties has feelings, thoughts, intuitions, wishes, or fears different from those of the other.
(The fear of the 'eternal misunderstanding' that is the good genius which so often keeps persons of different sexes from too hasty attachments, to which sense and heart prompt themand NOT some Schopenhauerian 'genius of the species'!) Whichever groups of sensations within a soul awaken most readily, begin to speak, and give the word of commandthese decide as to the general order of rank of its values, and determine ultimately its list of desirable things.
Supposing now that necessity has from all time drawn together only such men as could express similar requirements and similar experiences by similar symbols, it results on the whole that the easy COMMUNICABILITY of need, which implies ultimately the undergoing only of average and COMMON experiences, must have been the most potent of all the forces which have hitherto operated upon mankind.
The more similar, the more ordinary people, have always had and are still having the advantage the more select, more refined, more unique, and difficultly comprehensible, are liable to stand alone they succumb to accidents in their isolation, and seldom propagate themselves. One must appeal to immense opposing forces, in order to thwart this natural, alltoonatural PROGRESSUS IN SIMILE, the evolution of man to the similar, the ordinary, the average, the gregariousto the IGNOBLE!
. The more a psychologista born, an unavoidable psychologist and souldivinerturns his attention to the more select cases and individuals, the greater is his danger of being suffocated by sympathy he NEEDS sternness and cheerfulness more than any other man. For the corruption, the ruination of higher men, of the more unusually constituted souls, is in fact, the rule it is dreadful to have such a rule always before one's eyes.
The manifold torment of the psychologist who has discovered this ruination, who discovers once, and then discovers ALMOST repeatedly throughout all history, this universal inner 'desperateness' of higher men, this eternal 'too late!' in every sensemay perhaps one day be the cause of his turning with bitterness against his own lot, and of his making an attempt at selfdestructionof his 'going to ruin' himself.
One may perceive in almost every psychologist a telltale inclination for delightful intercourse with commonplace and wellordered men the fact is thereby disclosed that he always requires healing, that he needs a sort of flight and forgetfulness, away from what his insight and incisivenessfrom what his 'business'has laid upon his conscience.
Perhaps the paradox of his situation becomes so dreadful that, precisely where he has learnt GREAT SYMPATHY, together with great CONTEMPT, the multitude, the educated, and the visionaries, have on their part learnt great reverencereverence for 'great men' and marvelous animals, for the sake of whom one blesses and honours the fatherland, the earth, the dignity of mankind, and one's own self, to whom one points the young, and in view of whom one educates them.
SUCCESS has always been the greatest liarand the 'work' itself is a success the great statesman, the conqueror, the discoverer, are disguised in their creations until they are unrecognizable the 'work' of the artist, of the philosopher, only invents him who has created it, is REPUTED to have created it the 'great men,' as they are reverenced, are poor little fictions composed afterwards in the world of historical values spurious coinage PREVAILS.
It is thus conceivable that it is just from womanwho is clairvoyant in the world of suffering, and also unfortunately eager to help and save to an extent far beyond her powersthat THEY have learnt so readily those outbreaks of boundless devoted SYMPATHY, which the multitude, above all the reverent multitude, do not understand, and overwhelm with prying and selfgratifying interpretations.
Profound suffering makes noble it separates.One of the most refined forms of disguise is Epicurism, along with a certain ostentatious boldness of taste, which takes suffering lightly, and puts itself on the defensive against all that is sorrowful and profound. They are 'gay men' who make use of gaiety, because they are misunderstood on account of itthey WISH to be misunderstood.
There are free insolent minds which would fain conceal and deny that they are broken, proud, incurable hearts (the cynicism of Hamletthe case of Galiani) and occasionally folly itself is the mask of an unfortunate OVERASSURED knowledge.From which it follows that it is the part of a more refined humanity to have reverence 'for the mask,' and not to make use of psychology and curiosity in the wrong place.
What does it matter about all their honesty and reciprocal usefulness, what does it matter about all their mutual goodwill the fact still remainsthey 'cannot smell each other!' The highest instinct for purity places him who is affected with it in the most extraordinary and dangerous isolation, as a saint for it is just holinessthe highest spiritualization of the instinct in question.
Any kind of cognizance of an indescribable excess in the joy of the bath, any kind of ardour or thirst which perpetually impels the soul out of night into the morning, and out of gloom, out of 'affliction' into clearness, brightness, depth, and refinementjust as much as such a tendency DISTINGUISHESit is a noble tendencyit also SEPARATES.The pity of the saint is pity for the FILTH of the human, alltoohuman.
And there are grades and heights where pity itself is regarded by him as impurity, as filth. . Signs of nobility never to think of lowering our duties to the rank of duties for everybody to be unwilling to renounce or to share our responsibilities to count our prerogatives, and the exercise of them, among our DUTIES.
. A man who strives after great things, looks upon every one whom he encounters on his way either as a means of advance, or a delay and hindranceor as a temporary restingplace. His peculiar lofty BOUNTY to his fellowmen is only possible when he attains his elevation and dominates.
Impatience, and the consciousness of being always condemned to comedy up to that timefor even strife is a comedy, and conceals the end, as every means doesspoil all intercourse for him this kind of man is acquainted with solitude, and what is most poisonous in it. . THE PROBLEM OF THOSE WHO WAIT.Happy chances are necessary, and many incalculable elements, in order that a higher man in whom the solution of a problem is dormant, may yet take action, or 'break forth,' as one might sayat the right moment.
Occasionally, too, the waking call comes too latethe chance which gives 'permission' to take actionwhen their best youth, and strength for action have been used up in sitting still and how many a one, just as he 'sprang up,' has found with horror that his limbs are benumbed and his spirits are now too heavy!
'It is too late,' he has said to himselfand has become selfdistrustful and henceforth for ever useless.In the domain of genius, may not the 'Raphael without hands' (taking the expression in its widest sense) perhaps not be the exception, but the rule?Perhaps genius is by no means so rare but rather the five hundred HANDS which it requires in order to tyrannize over the GREEK INSERTED HERE, 'the right time'in order to take chance by the forelock!
In all kinds of injury and loss the lower and coarser soul is better off than the nobler soul the dangers of the latter must be greater, the probability that it will come to grief and perish is in fact immense, considering the multiplicity of the conditions of its existence.In a lizard a finger grows again which has been lost not so in man.
. It is too bad! Always the old story! When a man has finished building his house, he finds that he has learnt unawares something which he OUGHT absolutely to have known before hebegan to build. The eternal, fatal 'Too late!' The melancholia of everything COMPLETED! .Wanderer, who art thou?
I see thee follow thy path without scorn, without love, with unfathomable eyes, wet and sad as a plummet which has returned to the light insatiated out of every depthwhat did it seek down there?with a bosom that never sighs, with lips that conceal their loathing, with a hand which only slowly grasps who art thou?
what hast thou done? Rest thee here this place has hospitality for every onerefresh thyself! And whoever thou art, what is it that now pleases thee? What will serve to refresh thee? Only name it, whatever I have I offer thee! 'To refresh me? To refresh me? Oh, thou prying one, what sayest thou!
But give me, I pray thee' What? what? Speak out! 'Another mask! A second mask!' . Men of profound sadness betray themselves when they are happy they have a mode of seizing upon happiness as though they would choke and strangle it, out of jealousyah, they know only too well that it will flee from them!
But I insist that they believe it of me I have always thought very unsatisfactorily of myself and about myself, only in very rare cases, only compulsorily, always without delight in 'the subject,' ready to digress from 'myself,' and always without faith in the result, owing to an unconquerable distrust of the POSSIBILITY of selfknowledge, which has led me so far as to feel a CONTRADICTIO IN ADJECTO even in the idea of 'direct knowledge' which theorists allow themselvesthis matter of fact is almost the most certain thing I know about myself.
Probably but fortunately nothing for my own teeth.Perhaps it betrays the species to which I belong?but not to myself, as is sufficiently agreeable to me.' .'But what has happened to you?''I do not know,' he said, hesitatingly 'perhaps the Harpies have flown over my table.'It sometimes happens nowadays that a gentle, sober, retiring man becomes suddenly mad, breaks the plates, upsets the table, shrieks, raves, and shocks everybodyand finally withdraws, ashamed, and raging at himselfwhither?
Thrown into the midst of a noisy and plebeian age, with which he does not like to eat out of the same dish, he may readily perish of hunger and thirstor, should he nevertheless finally 'fall to,' of sudden nausea.We have probably all sat at tables to which we did not belong and precisely the most spiritual of us, who are most difficult to nourish, know the dangerous DYSPEPSIA which originates from a sudden insight and disillusionment about our food and our messmatesthe AFTERDINNER NAUSEA.
If one wishes to praise at all, it is a delicate and at the same time a noble selfcontrol, to praise only where one DOES NOT agreeotherwise in fact one would praise oneself, which is contrary to good tastea selfcontrol, to be sure, which offers excellent opportunity and provocation to constant MISUNDERSTANDING.
To be able to allow oneself this veritable luxury of taste and morality, one must not live among intellectual imbeciles, but rather among men whose misunderstandings and mistakes amuse by their refinementor one will have to pay dearly for it!'He praises me, THEREFORE he acknowledges me to be right'this asinine method of inference spoils half of the life of us recluses, for it brings the asses into our neighbourhood and friendship.
To have, or not to have, one's emotions, one's For and Against, according to choice to lower oneself to them for hours to SEAT oneself on them as upon horses, and often as upon assesfor one must know how to make use of their stupidity as well as of their fire.
To conserve one's three hundred foregrounds also one's black spectacles for there are circumstances when nobody must look into our eyes, still less into our 'motives.' And to choose for company that roguish and cheerful vice, politeness. And to remain master of one's four virtues, courage, insight, sympathy, and solitude.
For solitude is a virtue with us, as a sublime bent and bias to purity, which divines that in the contact of man and man'in society'it must be unavoidably impure. All society makes one somehow, somewhere, or sometime'commonplace.' . The greatest events and thoughtsthe greatest thoughts, however, are the greatest eventsare longest in being comprehended the generations which are contemporary with them do not EXPERIENCE such eventsthey live past them.
Something happens there as in the realm of stars. The light of the furthest stars is longest in reaching man and before it has arrived man DENIESthat there are stars there. 'How many centuries does a mind require to be understood?'that is also a standard, one also makes a gradation of rank and an etiquette therewith, such as is necessary for mind and for star.
. 'Here is the prospect free, the mind exalted.' FOOTNOTE Goethe's 'Faust,' Part II, Act V. The words of Dr. Marianus.But there is a reverse kind of man, who is also upon a height, and has also a free prospectbut looks DOWNWARDS. . What is noble? What does the word 'noble' still mean for us nowadays?
How does the noble man betray himself, how is he recognized under this heavy overcast sky of the commencing plebeianism, by which everything is rendered opaque and leaden?It is not his actions which establish his claimactions are always ambiguous, always inscrutable neither is it his 'works.' One finds nowadays among artists and scholars plenty of those who betray by their works that a profound longing for nobleness impels them but this very NEED of nobleness is radically different from the needs of the noble soul itself, and is in fact the eloquent and dangerous sign of the lack thereof.
It is not the works, but the BELIEF which is here decisive and determines the order of rankto employ once more an old religious formula with a new and deeper meaningit is some fundamental certainty which a noble soul has about itself, something which is not to be sought, is not to be found, and perhaps, also, is not to be lost.THE NOBLE SOUL HAS REVERENCE FOR ITSELF.
. There are men who are unavoidably intellectual, let them turn and twist themselves as they will, and hold their hands before their treacherous eyesas though the hand were not a betrayer it always comes out at last that they have something which they hidenamely, intellect. One of the subtlest means of deceiving, at least as long as possible, and of successfully representing oneself to be stupider than one really iswhich in everyday life is often as desirable as an umbrella,is called ENTHUSIASM, including what belongs to it, for instance, virtue.
For as Galiani said, who was obliged to know it VERTU EST ENTHOUSIASME. . In the writings of a recluse one always hears something of the echo of the wilderness, something of the murmuring tones and timid vigilance of solitude in his strongest words, even in his cry itself, there sounds a new and more dangerous kind of silence, of concealment.
He who has sat day and night, from year's end to year's end, alone with his soul in familiar discord and discourse, he who has become a cavebear, or a treasureseeker, or a treasureguardian and dragon in his caveit may be a labyrinth, but can also be a goldminehis ideas themselves eventually acquire a twilightcolour of their own, and an odour, as much of the depth as of the mould, something uncommunicative and repulsive, which blows chilly upon every passerby.
Man, a COMPLEX, mendacious, artful, and inscrutable animal, uncanny to the other animals by his artifice and sagacity, rather than by his strength, has invented the good conscience in order finally to enjoy his soul as something SIMPLE and the whole of morality is a long, audacious falsification, by virtue of which generally enjoyment at the sight of the soul becomes possible.
A philosopher that is a man who constantly experiences, sees, hears, suspects, hopes, and dreams extraordinary things who is struck by his own thoughts as if they came from the outside, from above and below, as a species of events and lightningflashes PECULIAR TO HIM who is perhaps himself a storm pregnant with new lightnings a portentous man, around whom there is always rumbling and mumbling and gaping and something uncanny going on.
A man who says 'I like that, I take it for my own, and mean to guard and protect it from every one' a man who can conduct a case, carry out a resolution, remain true to an opinion, keep hold of a woman, punish and overthrow insolence a man who has his indignation and his sword, and to whom the weak, the suffering, the oppressed, and even the animals willingly submit and naturally belong in short, a man who is a MASTER by naturewhen such a man has sympathy, well!
THAT sympathy has value! But of what account is the sympathy of those who suffer! Or of those even who preach sympathy! There is nowadays, throughout almost the whole of Europe, a sickly irritability and sensitiveness towards pain, and also a repulsive irrestrainableness in complaining, an effeminizing, which, with the aid of religion and philosophical nonsense, seeks to deck itself out as something superiorthere is a regular cult of suffering.
The UNMANLINESS of that which is called 'sympathy' by such groups of visionaries, is always, I believe, the first thing that strikes the eye.One must resolutely and radically taboo this latest form of bad taste and finally I wish people to put the good amulet, 'GAI SABER' ('gay science,' in ordinary language), on heart and neck, as a protection against it.
THE OLYMPIAN VICE.Despite the philosopher who, as a genuine Englishman, tried to bring laughter into bad repute in all thinking minds'Laughing is a bad infirmity of human nature, which every thinking mind will strive to overcome' (Hobbes),I would even allow myself to rank philosophers according to the quality of their laughingup to those who are capable of GOLDEN laughter.
And supposing that Gods also philosophize, which I am strongly inclined to believe, owing to many reasonsI have no doubt that they also know how to laugh thereby in an overmanlike and new fashionand at the expense of all serious things! Gods are fond of ridicule it seems that they cannot refrain from laughter even in holy matters.
but what am I doing, my friends? Of whom am I talking to you? Have I forgotten myself so far that I have not even told you his name? Unless it be that you have already divined of your own accord who this questionable God and spirit is, that wishes to be PRAISED in such a manner?
In the meantime, however, I have learned much, far too much, about the philosophy of this God, and, as I said, from mouth to mouthI, the last disciple and initiate of the God Dionysus and perhaps I might at last begin to give you, my friends, as far as I am allowed, a little taste of this philosophy?
The very fact that Dionysus is a philosopher, and that therefore Gods also philosophize, seems to me a novelty which is not unensnaring, and might perhaps arouse suspicion precisely among philosophersamong you, my friends, there is less to be said against it, except that it comes too late and not at the right time for, as it has been disclosed to me, you are loth nowadays to believe in God and gods.
It may happen, too, that in the frankness of my story I must go further than is agreeable to the strict usages of your ears? Certainly the God in question went further, very much further, in such dialogues, and was always many paces ahead of me... Indeed, if it were allowed, I should have to give him, according to human usage, fine ceremonious tides of lustre and merit, I should have to extol his courage as investigator and discoverer, his fearless honesty, truthfulness, and love of wisdom.
Ihave no reason to cover my nakedness!' One suspects that this kind of divinity and philosopher perhaps lacks shame?He once said 'Under certain circumstances I love mankind'and referred thereby to Ariadne, who was present 'in my opinion man is an agreeable, brave, inventive animal, that has not his equal upon earth, he makes his way even through all labyrinths.
I like man, and often think how I can still further advance him, and make him stronger, more evil, and more profound.''Stronger, more evil, and more profound?' I asked in horror. 'Yes,' he said again, 'stronger, more evil, and more profound also more beautiful'and thereby the temptergod smiled with his halcyon smile, as though he had just paid some charming compliment.
One here sees at once that it is not only shame that this divinity lacksand in general there are good grounds for supposing that in some things the Gods could all of them come to us men for instruction. We men aremore human. . Alas! what are you, after all, my written and painted thoughts!
Not long ago you were so variegated, young and malicious, so full of thorns and secret spices, that you made me sneeze and laughand now? You have already doffed your novelty, and some of you, I fear, are ready to become truths, so immortal do they look, so pathetically honest, so tedious!
And was it ever otherwise? What then do we write and paint, we mandarins with Chinese brush, we immortalisers of things which LEND themselves to writing, what are we alone capable of painting? Alas, only that which is just about to fade and begins to lose its odour! Alas, only exhausted and departing storms and belated yellow sentiments!
And it is only for your AFTERNOON, you, my written and painted thoughts, for which alone I have colours, many colours, perhaps, many variegated softenings, and fifty yellows and browns and greens and redsbut nobody will divine thereby how ye looked in your morning, you sudden sparks and marvels of my solitude, you, my old, belovedEVIL thoughts!
